BY THE AUTHOR AFTER PUBLICATION OF THE FIRST EDITION 
CATION
DITION

of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to 
commod

kidscad buttended a bland old isaac: not yet, though all's fair in 
 butte

offwall entailed at such short notice the pftjschute of Finnegan, 
otice 

What clashes here of wills gen wonts, oystrygods gaggin fishy- 
onts, 

Ualu Ualu! Quaouauh! Where the Baddelaries partisans are still 
rtisan

rer, lived in the broadest way immarginable in his rushlit toofar- 
ginabl

inher. Oftwhile balbulous, mithre ahead, with goodly trowel in 
 balbu

Haroun Childeric Eggeberth he would caligulate by multiplicab- 
ligula

les the alltitude and malltitude until he seesaw by neatlight of the 
ude un

liquor wheretwin 'twas born, his roundhead staple of other days 
liqu

with larrons o'toolers clittering up and tombles a'buckets clotter- 

to the wabsanti. Otherways wesways like that provost scoffing 
therwa

rights, carhacks, stonengens, kisstvanes, tramtrees, fargobawlers, 
gens, 

whole the world to see. 
world 

To the continuation of that celebration until Hanandhunigan's 
inuati

extermination! Some in kinkin corass, more, kankan keening. 
 Some 

them inns and ouses. Tilling a teel of a tum, telling a toll of a tea- 
 tum, 

reekierags or sundyechosies, with a mint of mines or beggar a 
sies, 

pinnyweight. Arrah, sure, we all love little Anny Ruiny, or, we 
e, we 

While over against this belles' alliance beyind 111 Sixty, ollol- 
 belle
allian

loose country and the two quitewhite villagettes who hear show 
countr
agette

guard find poussepousse pousseypram to sate the sort of their butt. 
epouss

pike and fork! Tip. (Bullsfoot! Fine!) This is the triplewon hat of 
triple

was nayther bag nor bug. Assaye, assaye! Touchole Fitz Tuo- 
saye, 
saye! 

on the flanks of the jinnies. Sexcaliber hrosspower. Tip. This 
aliber

is bode Belchum, bonnet to busby, breaking his secred word with a 
ed wor

Willingdone, by the splinters of Cork, order fire. Tonnerre! 
 Tonne

(Bullsear! Play!) This is camelry, this is floodens, this is the 
dens, 

strip Finnlambs! This is jinnies rinning away to their ouster- 
nning 

Key-Po for his royal divorsion on the rinnaway jinnies. Gam- 
orsion

madrashattaras, upjump anH pumpim, cry to the Willingdone: 
aras, 

'tis well! She niver comes out when Thon's on shower or when 
e nive

she comes, a peacefugle, a parody's bird, a peri potmother, 
ugle, 

minutia workers and there's to be a gorgeups truce for happinest 
a work

pry (who goes cute goes siocur and shoos aroun) and all spoiled 

shoesets and nickelly nacks and foder allmicheal and a lugly parson 
lmiche

ells with lofls of tofls and pleures of bells and the last sigh that 

come fro the hart (bucklied!) and the fairest sin the sunsaw 
 faire

for in the byways of high improvidence that's what makes life- 
mprovi

behind the butteler's back. She knows her knight's duty while 
 butte

hire some peat and sarch the shores her cockles to heat and she'll 
 to he

fruting for firstlings and taking her tithe, we may take our review 
e, we 

of Summerhill or the bergincellies of Miseryhill or the country- 
countr

and salve life's robulous rebus, hopping round his middle like 
ebus, 

silence speaks the scene. Fake! 
silenc

engravure that we used to be blurring on the blotchwall of his 
gravur

blurried the Ptollmens of the Incabus. Used we? (He is only pre- 
e Ptol

see the old butte new. Dbln. W. K. O. O. Hear? By the mauso- 
 butte

in his grand old historiorum, wrote near Boriorum, bluest book 
orum, 
orum, 

wobban. Ah, ho! Triom. (Tamuz.) An auburn mayde, o'brine 
ayde, 

of the deeds, annals of themselves timing the cycles of events 
cycles

it under the blay of her Kish as she ran for to sothisfeige her cow- 
it un

Blurry works at Hurdlesford. 
y work

vious and annadominant the copyist must have fled with his 
adomin

same fine sum covertly by meddlement with the drawers of his 
lement

lift we our ears, eyes of the darkness, from the tome of Liber Li- 
 tome 

vidus and, (toh!), how paisibly eirenical, all dimmering dunes 
paisib

ket by pricket's sister nibbleth on returned viridities; amaid her 
ties; 

rocking grasses the herb trinity shams lowliness; skyup is of ever- 
grasse

Year! And laughtears!), these paxsealing buttonholes have quad- 
ave qu

fiansees. Menn have thawed, clerks have surssurhummed , the 
surhum

lows: Who ails tongue coddeau, aspace of dumbillsilly? And they 
deau, 

ery, marracks or alebrill or the ramping riots of pouriose and 
ebrill

you. 

have sylvan coyne, a piece of oak. Ghinees hies good 
oyne, 

roundward this albutisle and you skull see how olde 
albuti

and being humus the same roturns. He who runes 
turns.

your whisht! 

Mutt. — The gyant Forficules with Amni the fay. 
 fay. 

(Stoop) if you are abcedminded, to this daybook, what curios 
curios

of signs (please stoop), in this allaphbed! Can you rede (since 
lease 

onview this; queer and it continues to be quaky. AJ^tch, ^^It, 
is; qu

an(e^share the pourquose of which was tcfc^say th^ji^rthcrust at 
pourqu

allforabit. Here (please to stoop) are selveran cued peteet peas of 
lease 

the tomtummy's pay roll. Right rank ragnar rocks and with these 
and wi

Toucheaterre beyond the wet prairie rared up in the midst of the 
 prair

mouths. And a hundreadfilled unleaven weight of liberorumqueue ^ ^r^^ 
rumque

unfurl and with what an end in view of squattor and anntisquattor 
and wi

sons, when usses not to be, every sue, siss and sally of us, dugters 
 sue, 

of Nan! Accusative ahnsire! Damadam to infinities! 
amadam

you went to the quod. But the world, mind, is, was and will be 
and wi

Typus, Mistress Tope and all the little typtopies. Fillstup. So you 
ypus, 

Cry not yet! There's many a smile to Nondum, with sytty 
ndum, 

levity; or of golden youths that wanted gelding; or of what the 
ouths 

gassed by the frisque of her frasques and her prytty pyrrhique. 
frasqu
 pyrrh

mien, we are in rearing of a norewhig. So weenybeeny- 
mien, 

when Adam was delvin and his madameen spinning watersilts, 
 madam
nning 

the nail of a top into the jiminy and she had her four larksical 

back again at Jarl von Hoother 's and the Larryhill with her under 
her un

tiler made a sweet unclose to the Narwhealian captol. Saw fore 
eet un

O foenix culprit! Ex nickylow malo comes mickelmassed bo- 
prit! 

he abhears. The soundwaves are his buffeteers; they trompe him 
 tromp

with their trompes; the wave of roary and the wave of hooshed 
 tromp

her to her pudor puff, the lipalip one whose libe we drink at, how 
 to he

ing in the dock, nay to make plein avowels, nor a yew nor an eye 
 plein

you of, is it, druids? Not shabbty little imagettes, pennydirts and 
agette

you showed our labourlasses how to free was easy. The game old 
 easy.

the pure perfection and Leatherbags Reynolds tries your shuffle 
rfecti

unrested! The headboddylwatcher of the chempel of Isid, 

thee in the matter of the work of thy tombing. Howe of the ship- 
e work

for lunch and dinnerchime. As popular as when Belly the First 
s popu

tabarine tamtammers of the whirligigmagees. Beats that cachucha 
t cach

Aisy now, you decent man, with your knees and lie quiet and 
lie qu

may God strengthen you! It's our warm spirits, boys, he's spoor- 
may 
rits, 

where misches lodge none, where mystries pour kind on, O 
e myst

I've an eye on queer Behan and old Kate and the butter, trust me. 
 butte

She'll do no jugglywuggly with her war souvenir postcards to 
uvenir

help to build me murial, tippers! I'll trip your traps! Assure a 
 Assur

Nor shed your remnants. The sternwheel's crawling strong. I 
emnant

good trout. Shakeshands. Dibble a hayfork's wrong with her only 
. Shak

hours on the Pollockses' woolly round tabouretcushion watch- 
 tabou

her last. Or while waiting for winter to fire the enchantement, 
ntemen

ing, best of men, and talk to her nice of guldenselver. The lips 
 to he

Stilla Star with her lucky in goingaways. Opportunity fair with 
Stil

the China floods and we hear these rosy rumours. Ding Tams he 

final tear. Zee End. But that's a world of ways away. Till track 
 a wor
world 

laws time. No silver ash or switches for that one! While flattering 
 flatt

candles flare. Anna Stacey's how are you! Worther waist in the 
ndles 

your fourfootlers saw or he was never done seeing what you cool- 

and that'll do now about the fairyhees and the frailyshees. 
hees. 

her heavens for ever. Creator he has created for his creatured 
reated

Esc, overseen as we thought him, yet a worthy of the naym, 
 a wor

told how in the beginning it came to pass that like cabbaging 
nning 

Cincinnatus the grand old gardener was saving daylight under his 
natus 

as he was (his sweatful bandanna loose from his pocketcoat) hast- 
a loos

and some shortfingeredness from his greataunt Sophy, turned to- 
t Soph

(the two scatterguns being Michael M. Manning, protosyndic of 
el M. 

the amossive silence of the cladstone allegibelling: Ive mies outs 
silenc

that it was not the king kingself but his inseparable sisters, un- 
rs, un

into the world as amusers and were staged by Madame Sudlow 
world 
Madame

equally certainly a pleasant turn of the populace which gave him 
e popu

worthy of any and all such universalisation, every time he con- 

performance of the problem passion play of the millentury, running 
nning 

\ .0*3 strong since creation, A Royal Divorce^ then near the approach 
roach 

towards the summit of its climax, with ambitious interval band 
 clima

entirety of his house about him, with the invariable broadstretched 
riable

a wardrobe panelled tuxedo completely thrown back from a shirt 
panell

be left. Pit, prommer and parterre, standing room only. Habituels 
rterre
. Habi

tingly bruited by certain wisecrackers (the stinks of Mohorat are 
 bruit

disease. Athma, unmanner them! To such a suggestion the one 
ma, un

families, mended their case by insinuating that, alternately, he lay 
inuati

at one time under the ludicrous imputation of annoying Welsh 
ime un

tence the mere suggestion of him as a lustsleuth nosing for trou- 
e sugg

hard, Roche Haddocks off Hawkins Street. Lowe, you blondy 
 Roche

the homeur of that meal. Slander, let it lie its flattest, has never 
 flatt

any graver impropriety than that, advanced by some woodwards 
mpropr

the rushy hollow whither, or so the two gown and pinners plead- 

which was admittedly an incautious but, at its wildest, a partial ex- 
whic

summer and, (Jesses Rosasharon !) a ripe occasion to provoke it. 
 to pr

If she's a lilyth, pull early! Pauline, allow! And malers abushed, 
s abus

one happygogusty Ides-of-April morning (the anniversary, as it 
April 

wide expanse of our greatest park in his caoutchouc kepi and 
caoutc

the inquiring kidder, by Jehova, it was twelve of em sidereal and 
 by Je

ral degrees lower than yore triplehydrad snake. In greater sup- 
triple

port of his word (it, quaint anticipation of a famous phrase, has 
it, qu

with ritual rhythmics, in quiritary quietude, and toosammen- 
with
sammen

daction known as the Sayings Attributive of H. C. Earwicker, 
butive

signlore his gesture meaning: 3!) pointed at an angle of thirty- 
sign
 thirt

woo willing to take my stand, sir, upon the monument, that sign 
t sign

Gaping Gill, swift to mate errthors, stern to checkself, (diag- 
hors, 

hart to for the monticules of scalp and dandruff droppings blaze 
nd dan

or if not, too worm and early: and with tag for ildiot repeated 
and wi

Druidia and the Deepsleep Sea, when suppertide and souvenir to 
uvenir

Charlatan Mall jointly kem gently and along the quiet darkenings 
rlatan

whenas to many a softongue's pawkytalk mude unswer u sufter 
ude un

being as fain o't as your rat wi'fennel; and on this celebrating 
nnel; 

this regional platter, benjamin of bouillis, with a spolish olive to 
 bouil

busqued very deluxiously with a bottle of Phenice-Bruerie '98, 
busqu

as was Hegesippus over a hup a ' chee, her eys dry and small and 
chee, 

couldn't stood they old hens no longer, to her particular reverend, 
 to he

aurellum of one Philly Thurnston, a layteacher of rural science 
e Phil
ston, 

rip mud and purpular cap was surely leagues unlike any other 
ues un

exquisitely punctilious about them, both shorty and frisky) a tip- 
exqu

This Treacle Tom to whom reference has been made had 
 refer

est herbage, supplied by the Duck and Doggies, the Galop- 
erbage
gies, 

moltapuke on voltapuke, resnored alcoh alcoho alcoherently to 

the burden of / comey my horse delayed, nom num, the sub- 
layed,

was before the eyots of martas or otherwales the thirds of fossil- 
therwa

years, he having beham with katya when lavinias had her mens 
years,

lease to sea in a psumpship doodly show whereat he was looking 
lease 

metagonistic ! the epickthalamorous !) during uneasy slumber in 
ing un

through Sant lago by his cocklehat, good Lazar, deliver us!) 
azar, 

O'Deavis and Roche Mongan (who had so much incommon, 
 Roche

swimborne in the one sweet undulant mother of tumblerbunks 
eet un

Ebblinn's chilled hamlet (thrie routes and restings on their then 
chille

superficies curiously correspondant with those linea and puncta 
rficie

ears of the subjects of King Saint Finnerty the Festive who, in 
e Fest

salmon alive, with their priggish mouths all open for the larger 
ouths 

seinn fion's araun.) and the rhymers' world was with reason the 
world 

richer for a wouldbe ballad, to the balledder of which the world 
riche
r a wo
world 

tionable avatar the world has ever had to explain for. 
world 

under the shadow of the monument of the shouldhavebeen legis- 

lator (Eleutheriodendron ! Spare, woodmann, spare !) to an over- 
pare, 

Mosse's Gardens, an oblate father from Skinner's Alley, brick- 
 Garde
dens, 

layers, a fleming, in tabinet fumant, with spouse and dog, an aged 
mant, 

tants' acorns not forgetting a deuce of dianas ridy fbr the hunt, a 
orgett

sure question and greek uniates, plunk em, a lace lappet head or 
ure qu

almshouse who clings and clings and chatchatchat clings to her, a 
 to he

stampaded on to a slip of blancovide and headed by an excessively 
xcessi

a perfect downpour of plaudits among the rapsods, piped 
plaudi
rapsod

signum to his companions of the chalice for the Loud Fellow, 
sign

Here line the refrains of. Some vote him Vike, some mote him 
 Some 

Bug Dan Lop, Lex, Lax, Gunne or Guinn. Some apt him Arth, 
 Some 

Slow coaches and immaculate contraceptives for the populace, 
e popu

All your butter is in your horns. 
 butte

(Chorus) His butter is in his horns. 
 butte

Butter his horns ! 
Butte

So snug he was in his hotel premises sumptuous 
 sumpt

On the harbour bar. 

When some bugger let down the backtrap of the omnibus 
mnibus

and his nick miming their maggies, Hilton St Just (Mr Frank 
gies, 

to buttom all falsetissues, antilibellous and nonactionable and this 
sues, 

quite a musical genius in a small way and the owner of an 

with Wolsey under the assumed name of Blanco Fusilovna Buck- 
with

suggestion thrown out by the doomster in loquacity lunacy, so 
n loqu

inmates in the northern counties. Under the name of Orani he 
es. Un

deblancer, the unwashed, haunted always by his ham, the unwished, 
eblanc
ncer, 

at a word from Israfel the Summoner, passed away painlessly 
 a wor

O'Loughlins, has come through! Now let the centuple celves of 
ntuple

the coincidance of their contraries reamalgamerge in that indentity 
ntrari

they cease to bidivil uns and (but at this poingt though the iron 
cease 

that the hobo (who possessed a large amount of the humoresque) 
oresqu

esttest of yarnspinners is Padre Don Bruno, treu and troster to 
runo, 

hornerable Fratomistor Nawlanmore and Brawne.) sinning society 
le Fra
nning 

squarecuts, stock lavaleer, regattable oxeter, baggy pants and 
attabl

sorts of ages!) who was asked by free boardschool shirkers in 
sort

armed explanation was put (in Loo of Pat) to the porty (a native 
explan

minutes (hit the pipe, dannyboy! Time to won, barmon. I'll take 
e, dan

window and Charlotte at her toss panomancy his sole admirers, 
rlotte

which had not very long before contained Reid's family (you ruad 
ich ha

and resiteroomed his timespiece His Revenances, with still a life 
 Reven

or two to spare for the space of his occupancy of a world at a time, 
 a wor
world 

garden (commonplace!), since known as Whiddington Wild, his 
 (comm

belong Kang the Toll) his fourinhand bow, his elbaroom surtout, 
 surto

gomena of the smaller country, (probable words, possibly said, of 
countr
obable

from Wildu Picturescu or some seem on some dimb Arras, dumb 
rras, 

kristansen is odable to os across the wineless Ere no oedor nor 
odable

their farm usetensiles, the soft belling of the fallow deers {doereh- 
ensile

moose genuanef) advertising their milky approach as midnight 
roach 

cheroot, none of your swellish soide, quoit the reverse, and how 
oide, 

to here but wowhere are those yours of Yestersdays? Farseeinge- 
to he

and seventies as eversure as Halley's comet, ulemamen, sobran- 
omet, 

Millecientotrigintadue scudi. Tippoty, kyrie, tippoty. Cha kai 
yrie, 

vavnr dans Lptit boing going. Ismeme de bumbac e meias de por- 
r dans

you? Gomagh, thak. 

tion before the hygienic gUll (this was where the reverent sab- 
e hygi

said once, (his biografiend, in fact, kills him verysoon, if yet not, 
 biogr

winning lies the cropse of our seedfather, a phrase which the 
nning 

establisher of the world by law might pretinately write across 
world 

intermutuomergent, for later in the century one of that puisne 
t puis

style and wewere shiny tan burlingtons, (tam, homd and dicky, 
icky, 

with eddying awes the round eyes of the rundreisers, back to back, 

green, the green the frore, the frore the cladagain, as their convoy 
rore, 

haughty, cacuminal, erubescent (repetition!) whose roots they be 
bescen

pleacing aside his Irish Field and craving their auriculars to re- 
uricul

som's inmost core, as pro tern locums^ timesported acorss the yawn- 
esport

a wee dropeen of grief about to sillonise his jouejous, the ghost 
sillon

ler remote, unfriended, from van Demon's Land, some lazy 
te, un

skald or maundering pote, lift wearywilly his slowcut snobsic 
pote, 

broom, cabbageblad, stockfisch, longingly learn that there at the 
learn 

Angel were herberged for him poteen and tea and praties and 
 prati

baccy and wine width woman wordth warbling: and informally 
and wi

quasi-begin to presquesm'ile to queasithin' (Nonsense! There 
 to pr
presqu

of the grube. Be it cudgelplayers' country, orfishfellows' town or 
countr

leeklickers' land or panbpanungopovengreskey. What regnans 
gnans 

proud o'it. I, says Clonakilty, God help us ! I, says Deansgrange, 
t. I, 

freak threes but his judicandees plainly minus twos. Neverthe- 
s judi

flashback in which he sits sated, gowndabout, in clericalease ha- 
lease 

a globule of maugdleness about to corrugitate his mild dewed 
lobule

cheek and the tata of a tiny victorienne, Alys, pressed by his 
enne, 

chat, on Marlborough Green as through Molesworth Fields, here 
chat, 

legion in the part he created: they number up his years. Greatwheel 
reated

sullivans! Mannequins pause! Longtong*s breach is fallen down 
annequ

ronnades too. The strongers. Oho, oho, Mester Begge, you're 
egge, 

sighed: Eheu, for gassies! But, lo! lo! by the threnning gods, 
nning 

is the messchef be our kuang, ashu ashure there, the unforgettable 
orgett

cutioner a wastepacket Sittons) was interfeud in a waistend pewty 
ittons

stage of whisper to her confidante glass, while recoopering her 
 to he

baquets on lallance a tails mean), she hoped Sid Arthar would 
baque
llance

worryld had been uncained. Then, while it is odrous comparison- 

branches of climatitis, it has been such a wanderful noyth untirely, 
 clima
itis, 

Prehistoric, obitered to his dictaphone an entychologist: his pro- 
ehisto

Ashreborn, prairmakers, Glintalook, was asked by the sisterhood 
 prair

housh and, thankeaven, responsed impulsively: We have just been 
mpulsi

and this is what he told rewritemen: Irewaker is just a plain pink 
riteme

know that man*s, brillant Savourain): Mon foicy you wish to ave 
you wi
wish t

this fresky troterella! A railways barmaid's view (they call her 
terell

Spilltears Rue) was thus expressed: to sympathisers of the Dole 
mpathi

revealed the undoubted fact that the consequence would be that 
doubte

mysttetry, with shady apsaras sheltering in his leaves' licence and 
myst

a brut! But a magnificent brut! 'Caligula (Mr Danl Magrath, 
ligula

Parade Ballotin) was, as usual, antipodal with his: striving todie, 
odie, 

hourly, sang out El Caplan Buycout, with the famous padre's 
 padre

scenities, una mona. Sylvia Silence, the girl detective (Meminerva, 
Silenc
erva, 

with informations as to the several facets of the case in her cozy- 

dozy bachelure's flat, quite overlooking John a'Dream's mews, 
at, qu

her vowelthreaded syllabelles: Have you evew thought, wepow- 
abelle

shambles for the usual aireating after the ever popular act, with 
r popu

whom were Questa and Puella, piquante and quoite, (this had a 
, piqu

by one of 'his co-affianced to get your breath, Walt, and gobbit 
, Walt

pance, Naville, thus cor replied to her other's thankskissing: I 
 to he

Be these meer marchant taylor's fablings of a race referend 
 refer

his citadear of refuge, whither (would we believe the laimen and 
fuge, 

meant under night's altosonority, shipalone, a raven of the wave, 
ant un

les and inhabitands, astea as agora, helotsphilots, do him hurt, 
 inhab
sphilo
lots, 

the premier terror of Errorland. (perorhaps!) 
remier

that Kane's fender only to be answered by the aggravated 
ravate

such race. Was it supposedly in connection with a girls, Myramy 
s, Myr

which would not rouse him out o' slumber deep but reminded 
whic

wischandtugs so that be the chandeleure of the Rejaneyjailey 
deleur

Alphos, Burkos and Caramis, leave Astrelea for the astrollajerries 
Alpho
amis, 

Snowwhite and Rosered, if you will have the real cream ! Now for 
you wi

a strawberry frolic! Filons, filoosh! Cherchons la flamme! Famm- 
Cherch

Come on, ordinary man with that large big nonobli head, and 
 nonob

who calls on his skirt. Note his sleek hair, so elegant, tableau 
ableau

vivant. He vows her to be his own honeylamb, swears they will 
vivant

Compree! She wants her wardrobe to hear from above by return 
 to he

as A. B. C, the two mixers, we mean, with their cherrybum 
s, we 

chappy (for he is simply shamming dippy) if they all were afloat 
ly sha

to be implicitly in the same bateau, so to singen, bearing also 
bateau

those sort of things which has been going on onceaday in and 
ich ha

sequence the country over and overabroad has been particularly 
countr

stupendous. To be continued. Federals' Uniteds' Transports' 
anspor

Unions' for Exultations' of Triumphants' Ecstasies. 
stasie

essance to lavandaiette, every pothook and pancrook bespaking 
ssance

of medals, and a conscientious scripturereader to boot in the brick 
onscie

unmitigated astonissment, hickicked at the dun and dorass against 

the world except nick, name.) And Phelps was flayful with his 
world 

gretta be she the posque. Oh! Oh! Because it is a horrible thing 
e. Oh!

to have to say to say to day but one dilalah, Lupita Lorette, short- 
 Loret

or in the greenawn ad huck (there are certain intimacies in all 
imacie

ladies* lavastories we just lease to imagination) or in the sweet 
lease 

resigned to her surrender, did not she, come leinster's even, true 
 to he

poor pucker packing to perdition, again and again, ay, and again 
rditio

quean, a queen of pranks. A kingly man, of royal mien, regally 
mien, 

leaves behind us. If violence to life, limb and chattels, often as 
chatte

thenabouts the iron gape, by old custom left open to prevent 
 to pr

the cats from getting at the gout, was triplepatlockt on him on 
gout, 
triple

O, by the by, lets wee brag of praties, it ought to be always 
 prati

the week (Gosh, these wholly romads!) of conscience money in 
onscie

a Fastland payrodicule, and er, consstated that one had on him 
cule, 

the Lynn O'Brien, a meltoned lammswolle, disturbed, and wider 
olle, 
and wi

Mountains like a starling bierd, after doing a long dance untidled 
ng dan

stirabouter, that he would give him his (or theumperom's or any- 
uter, 

from eleven thirty to two in the afternoon without even a lunch- 
 thirt

paradigmatic ear, receptoretentive as his of Dionysius, longsuffer- 
Dionys
nysius

ing although whitening under restraint in the sititout corner of 
ing un

a long list (now feared in part lost) to be kept on file of all abusive 
l abus
busive

Wheatears, Goldy Gelt, Bogside Beauty , Yass Were Had His 
e Beau

Bumped, Grease with the Butter, Opendoor Ospices, Cainandabler, 
 Butte
andabl

Hooshed the Cat from the Bacon^ Leathertogs Donald, The Ace 
nald, 

Person, Grunt Owl's Facktotem^ Twelve Months Aristocrat, 
s Aris

Lycanthrope, Flunkey Beadle Vamps the Tune Letting on He's 
nthrop

Porter, A Ban for Le King of the Burgaans and a Bom for Ye Sur 
Port

end Ropes, It is Known who Sold Horace the Rattler, Enclosed 
 Horac

the Commoner Characteristics of an Irish Nature, Bad Humborg, 

chistically respectsful of the liberties of the noninvasive individual, 
invasi

not guilphy but, after he had so slaunga vollayed, reconnoi- 
layed,

up a bit, paces his groundould diablen lionndub, the flay the 
 diabl

the splume of them all!) this backblocks boor bruskly put out 
splume

if he didn't, for two and thirty straws, be Cacao Campbell, he 
 thirt
e Caca

worth for us, as Bar-le-Duc and Dog-an-Doras and Bangen-op- 

browse up hill and down coombe and on eolithostroton, at 
oton, 

thered unto him, their herd and paladin, as nubilettes to cumule, 
 cumul

Silence was in thy faustive halls, O Truiga, when thy green 
Silenc

like. Rain. When we sleep. Drops. But wait until our sleeping. 
ait un

As the lion in our teargarten remembers the nenuphars of his 
nuphar

deveiled which had undone him, gone for age, and knew not 
ich ha

be, we moest ons hasten selves te declareer it, that he reglimmed? 
e, we 

Ysit? shamed and shone. It may be, we habben to upseek a bitty 
e, we 

door our good township's courants want we knew't, that with 
ourant

and a hellof hours' agony of silence, ex profundis malorum^ and 
silenc

in the weeping world on his mottled belly (the rab, the kreepons- 
world 

providential benevolence's who hates prudencies' astuteness, un- 

directly derivative decasualisation: sigarius (sic!) vindicat urbes 
rivati

Now gode. Let us leave theories there and return to here's here. 
 to he

porpus, materially effecting the cause. And this, liever, is the 
rpus, 

their number, before voting themselves and himself, town, port 

Neagh pattern, then as much in demand among misonesans as 
esans 

ongle her as Izaak did to the tickle of his rod and watch her 
ongle

paradise which was probably also an inversion of a phallopharos, 
invers

(its architecht, Mgr Peurelachasse, having been obcaecated lest 
echt, 

T. A. Birkett and L. O. Tuohalls were made invulnerably vener- 
 invul

damned and blasted by means of a hydromine, system, Sowan and 
, syst

ahoy of eleven and thirty wingrests (circiter) to sternbooard out 
 thirt

pectant minefield by tins of improved ammonia lashed to her 
 to he

through tholse and playing down from the conning tower into 
nning 

with the Ryan vogt it was Dane to pfife. He afterwards whaan- 

his towerettes, the beauchamp, byward, bull and lion, the white, 
erette
e beau
hamp, 

present unto him with funebral pomp, over and above that, a stone 
ent un

matter, javel also, any kind of inhumationary brie au brae for 
, jave
humati

opulence, ancient ere decrepitude, late lents last lenience, till 
ecrepi

tionlesness, buried burrowing in Gehinnon, to proliferate through 
 to pr

door. From both Celtiberian camps (granting at the onset for the 
ltiber
onset 

Bottom, once Woolwhite's Waltz (Ohiboh, how becrimed, 
s Walt

nough, the person garrotted may have suggested to whomever he 
e sugg

his threescoreten of roach per lifeday, ay, and as many minnow a 
roach 

and the whole wives' world frockful of fickles. Fact, any human 
world 

out, or an even pair of hem, (lugod ! lugodoo !) and prettily pray 
 hem, 

with him (or with em even) everyhe to her taste, long for luck, 
 to he

woo and wills she's win but how the deer knowed where she'd 
and wi

droppings of biddies, stinkend pusshies, moggies' duggies, rotten 
hies, 
gies, 

thought the first babe of reconcilement is laid in its last cradle 
cileme

fidies and his nuptial eagles sharped their beaks of prey: and 
sharpe

priest, flamenfan, the ward of the wind that lightened the fire that 
nfan, 

their sashes flying sish behind them, all the little pirlypettes! 

Issy-la-Chapelle! Any lucans, please.'^ 
apelle

the tramestrack by Brahm and Anton Hermes! Per omnibus 
mnibus

less chickenestegg bore some Michelangiolesque resemblance, 
olesqu

est sacre pour un sacreur^ femme a harhe ou homme-nourrice) at the 
 homme
nourri

him, catching hoist of an oblong bar he had and with which he 
and wi

the vermicular with a very oggly chew-chin-grin: Was six vic- 
grin: 

of an hour and now a woden affair in the shape of a webley (we 
en aff

vention of his strongbox, with a tenacity corrobberating their 
berati

do you follow me, Capn? To this the other, Billi with the Boule, 
oule, 

carried to excelcism) rather amusedly replied: Woowoo would 
r amus

you be grossly surprised. Hill, to learn that, as it so happens, I 
learn 

you might just as well have, boy baches, to buy J. J. and S. with. 

There was a minute silence before memory's fire's rekindling and 
silenc

fon to the lux apointlex but he would go good to him suntime 
apoint

this is nat language at any sinse of the world and one might as 
world 

by the grace of gamy queen Tailte, her will and testament: You 
amy qu

stunning little southdowner! I'd know you anywhere, Declaney, 
nning 

My hat, you have some bully German grit, sundowner! He 
grit, 

kalled the treatyng to cognac, turning his fez menialstrait in the 
gnac, 

seven and four in danegeld and their humoral hurlbat or other 
in dan

uncertain weapon of lignum vitaey but so evermore rhumanasant of 

with the confederate fender behind and who albeit ballsbluffed, 
onfede

plumsized contusiums, plus alasalah bruised coccyx, all over him, 
iums, 

derivative, some lotion or fomentation of poppyheads would be 
rivati

be middling along as it proved most fortunate that not one of 

and imprescriptible liberties of the pacific subject by circulating 
iptibl

his redhand, a highly commendable exercise, or, number two of 
endabl

on the calends of Mars, under an incompatibly framed indictment 
rs, un

day, feishts of Peeler and Pole, under the illassumed names of 
le, un

tellafun book, ellegedly with a pedigree pig (unlicensed) and a 
, elle

cultural and Prepostoral Ouraganisations, to help the Irish muck 
storal
 to he

the deluge, was distinctly of a scattery kind when the bally- 
luge, 

struggle Street, Qui Sta Troia^ in order to pay off, hiss or lick, 
et, Qu

Mrs Molroe in the morning) and stated to his eliciter under his 
ter un

dates of ould lanxiety, was going, please the Rainmaker, to 
lease 

Tournay, Yetstoslay and Temorah, and one thing which would 
rnay, 

pigstickularly strike a person of such sorely tried observational 
rvatio

the friedhoffer!) to sack, sock, stab and slaughter singlehanded 

with bowstrung hair of Carrothagenuine ruddiness, waving crim- 
with

lucky cocks for whom the audible-visible-gnosible-edible world 
world 

morphomelosophopancreates, as he most significantly did, when- 
t sign

day's Son.'* A satyr in weddens. And how did the greeneyed 
 satyr

you att to a tenyerdfuul when aastalled,'^ Ballera jobbera. Some 
 Balle
 Some 

men's thingabossers, hvad.'* And had he been refresqued by the 
fresqu

rights (Mrs Magistra Martinetta) expired with the expiry of the 
 Magis

Are you not danzzling on the age of a vulcano? Siar, I am deed. 
ot dan

On a pontiff's order as ture as there's an ital on atac. As a gololy 

arms, as to the pugnaxities evinxed from flagfall to antepost 
e pugn

there was. Foght. On the site of the Angel's, you said.'^ Guinney's 
t. On 

know you? Parfaitly. And Gemellus then said to Camellus: Yes, 
Parfai

Thos Thoris, Thomar's Thom.'^ The rudacist rotter in Roebuck- 
oris, 

guage, ach bad clap.'^ Oo! Ah! Augs and ohrs with Rhian O'- 
! Ah! 

Meirdreach an Oincuish ! But a new complexion was put upon 
new co

hriosmas, whereas take notice be the relics of the bones of the 
otice 

as good as any cantonnatal, if he was to parish by the market steak 
atal, 

light of this world or the other world or any either world, of Tyre- 
world 
world 

nan- Og, as true as he was there in that jackabox that minute, or 
nute, 

helic faix, (Xaroshie, zdrst! — in his excitement the laddo had 
faix, 

ladylike indecorum, joined. (Ha! Ha!) 
orum, 

their antipathies. Distinctly different were their duasdestinies. 
ipathi

fluttered and flattered around the willingly pressed, nominating 
 flatt

cheeks, their masculine Oirisher Rose (his neece cleur!), and 
ur!), 

Club, a lovelooking leapgirl, all all alonely, Gentia Gemma of the 
 Genti

with heruponhim in shining aminglement, the shaym of his hisu 
lement

shifting into the shimmering of her hers, (youthsy, beautsy, hee's 
, beau

had just caused that the effect of that which it had caused to oc- 

his britgits to prove himself (an't plase yous!) a rael genteel. To 
 to pr

the twofromthirty advocatesses within echo, pulling up their briefs 
hirty 

(dun), the chassetitties belles conclaiming: You and your gift of 
 belle

your gaft of your garbage abaht our Farvver! and gaingridando: 

Of eyebrow pencilled, by lipstipple penned. Borrowing a word 
 a wor

ferin the Sit of her Style, from Kathleen May Vernon her Mebbe 
 Style

ther, from hymn Op. 2 Phil Adolphos the weary O, the leery, 
Adolph

it and wild went war. Hen trieved it and plight pledged peace. 
and wi

It was folded with cunning, sealed with crime, uptied by a harlot, 
rime, 

with drought and Agrippa, the propastored, spells tripulations 
ippa, 
tored,

ana mala woe is we! A pair of sycopanties with amygdaleine 
aleine

lybock manure works on a tradewinds day. And the O'Moyly 
e work

lushiness. My perfume of the pampas, says she (meaning me) 
mpas, 

And so they went on, the fourbottle men, the analists, ungu- 
ts, un

be (up) that time living and lying and rating and riding round 

evidential order bring the true truth to light as fortuitously as 
ortuit

beaters had first misbadgered for a bruin of some swart, led 
wart, 

louping the loup, to Tankardstown again. Ear canny hare for 
loup, 

and buoyed up, in rumer, reticule, onasum and abomasum, upon 
umer, 
cule, 

vies, in that sometime prestreet protown. Vainly violence, viru- 
vies, 

the bang: then wildewide was quiet: a report: silence: last Fama 
port: 
silenc

put it under ether. The noase or the loal had dreven him blem, 
 it un

blem, stun blem. Sparks flew. He had fled again (open shun- 
. Spar

shema!) this country of exile, sloughed off, sidleshomed via the 
countr

even now occupying, under an islamitic newhame in his seventh 
ng, un

the theater (first house all flatty: the king, eleven sharps) he had 
 flatt

bepiastered the buikdanseuses from the opulence of his omni- 
epiast
nseuse

claimed endright, closed his vicious circle, snap. Jams jarred. 
 jarre

feel of demifrish water. Mush spread. On Umbrella Street where 
d. On 

he did drinks from a pumps a kind of workman, Mr Whitlock, 
of wor

Hogan hears a hod yet Heer prefers a punsil shapner and Cope 
prefer

in words and the wood is the world. Maply me, willowy we, 
in wor

conduct with a homnibus. Aerials buzzed to coastal listeners of 
mnibus

drohneth svertgleam, Valkir lockt. On his pinksir's postern, the 
t. On 

his race soever or skilful learned wise cunning knowledgable 
nning 

paumee bloody proper. Indeed not a few thick and thin well- 
paume

Achdung! Pozor! Attenshune! Vikeroy Besights Smucky 
 Atten

porphyroid buttertower and then thirsty p.m. with oaths upon 
 butte

lamps of maintenance, beaconsfarafield innerhalf the zuggurat, all 
urat, 

initials, the cluekey to a worldroom beyond the roomwhorld, for 
o a wo

scarce one, or pathetically few of his dode canal sammenlivers 
sammen

Dojell us all aboujL_As-^we want to hear allabout. So tellus tel- 
 to he
tellus

Capite Erectus, what price Peabody's money, or, to put it 
Capit
ctus, 

bluntly, whence is the herringtons' white cravat, as, in epochs 
 crava

flammelwaving warwife and widowpeace upon Dublin Wall for 
and wi

of three castles or which hatefilled smileyseller? And that such 
ich ha
yselle

a vetriol of venom, that queen's head affranchisant, a quiet stink- 
enom, 
affran

owenglass, when izarres were twinklins, that the upper reaches 
izarre

who will not rast her from her running to seek him till, with the 
nning 

for Pearlfar sea, (ur, uri, uria!) stood forth, burnzburn the gorg- 
e gorg

the countryside in her train, finickin here and funickin there, 
countr

headdress, specks on her eyeux, and spudds on horeilles and a 
oreill

circusfix riding her Parisienne's cockneze, a vaunt her straddle 
arisie

pelotting in her piecebag, for Handiman the Chomp, Esquoro, 
ndiman

Wery weeny wight, plead for Morandmor! Notre Dame de la 
 Notre

lia, Chlora, Marinka, Anileen, Parme. And ilk a those dames had 
 Chlor
lora, 

Sold him her lease of ninenmeninetee^ 
lease 

dan ! For we, we have taken our sheet upon her stones where we 
e, we 

by the waters of babalong. 

rill be run, unhemmed as it is uneven ! 
un, un

Augusta Angus tissimost for Old Seabeastius' Salvation, Rockabill 
Augu

dik dopedope et tu mihimihi^ Buy Birthplate for a Bite, Which of 
u mihi

Flur, Rebus de Hibernicis, The Crazier Letters, Groans of a Briton- 
icis, 

Cure for an Old Clap, Where Portentos they'd Grow Gonder how 
ortent

Vd Wish I Woose a Geese; Gettle Nettie, Thrust him not. When the 
ttie, 

Myrtles of Venice Played to Bloccuss Line^ To Plenge Me High 
rtles 

Admortal^ What Jumbo made to Jalice and what Anisette to Him^ 
isette

Dudge Pupublick to the Fall of the Potstille^ Of the Two Ways 
upubli

of Tory Island Traits Galasia like his Milchcow, From Abbeygate 
 Trait

to Crowalley Through a Lift in the Lude, Smocks for Their Graces 
Lude, 

My Curly Lips Demand Columbkisses; Gage Street on a Cranys 
Demand

riss in the Unique Estates of Amessican^ He Gave me a Thou so I 
e Gave

at Stitchioners Hall, Siegfield Follies and or a Gentlehomme s Faut 
ehomme

Smeth and La Belle Sauvage Pocahonteuse^ Way for Wet Week 
auvage
ahonte

Welikins Douchka Marianne^ The Last of the Fingallians^ It Was 
rianne
allian

True Account all about the Honorary Mirsu Earwicker, L.S.D., 
 Honor

down the tracing of a purely deliquescent recidivist, possibly 
deliqu

ambidextrous, snubnosed probably and presenting a strangely 
ambide

persequestellates his vanessas from flore to flore. Somehows this 
ersequ

sounds like the purest kidooleyoon wherein our mademacerution 
rution

darkness, by hasard and worn rolls arered, we must grope on till 
 hasar

enough before any suitable occasion for it or them had so far 
le occ

ments, down the long lane of (it's as semper as oxhousehumper!) 
semper

tubthumper more than others, Kinihoun or Kahanan, giardarner 
anan, 

abouts exactly at present in Siam, Hell or Tophet under that 
het un

glorisol which plays touraloup with us in this Aludin's Cove of 
glori

that period or those parts is only one more unlookedfor conclu- 
ore un

the dime a dozen type, it might with some profit some dull even- 

syncopation in the elucidation of complications, of his greatest 
synco

all its featureful perfection of imperfection, is its fortune: it ex- 
rfecti
rfecti
tune: 

to a lady of the latter's acquaintance, engaged in performing the 
s acqu

ferring to close his blinkhard's eyes to the ethiquethical fact that 
ethiqu

^ she wanted salt. That was just where Brien came in. The country- 
countr

surly. We who live under heaven, we of the clovery kingdom, 
ive un

the land. We suddenly have. Our isle is Sainge. The place. That 
s Sain

was the improbable and the improbable the inevitable. If the pro- 
obable
obable

^ on the head we are in for a sequentiality_ of improbable possibles 
a sequ
obable

will go out of his way to applaud him on the onboiassed back of 
pplaud

of the patchpurple of the massacre, a dual a duel to die to 
assacr

The bird in the case was Bdgjda of the Dorans, a more than 
rans, 

Hane Exposition) and what she was scratching at the hour of 
xposit

klokking twelve looked for all this zogzag world like a goodish- 
world 

with a lovely face of some born gentleman with a beautiful present 
a beau

of wedding cakes for dear thankyou Chriesty and with grand 
and wi

well how are you Maggy &: hopes soon to hear well & must now 
 to he

of the masterbilker here, as usual, signing the page away), marked 
, sign

it off on the spout of the moment as a genuine relique of ancient 
reliqu

you! please wisp off the grass!) unhlthed from the boucher by 
lease 

has done yesterday man may do next year, be it fly, be it moult, 
oult, 

lay and love eggs (trust her to propagate the species and hoosh 
 to pr
pagate

her fluff balls safe through din and danger!); lastly but mostly, in 
nd dan

Ague will be rejuvenated, woman with her ridiculous white bur- 
 ridic

rous letter, signed Toga GiriHs, (teasy dear). We have a cop of 
, sign

jotty young watermark: Notre Dame du Bon Marche, And she 
 Notre

lookingated. Mesdaims, Marmouselles, Mescerfs! Silvapais! All 
daims,

With apple harlottes. And a little mollvogels. Spissially (schwrites) ^ ^ 
rlotte

wouldn't, any Genoaman against any Venis, and why Kate takes 
 takes

Let us now, weather, health, dangers, public orders and other 
h, dan

I am a worker, a tombstone mason, anxious to pleace avery- 
 a wor

along which the traced words, run, march, halt, walk, stumble 
ed wor

end to end hithaways writing and with lines of litters slittering 
and wi

biribiyas or nippies and messas) it has acquired accretions of 
s acqu

print, mademark or just a poor trait of the artless, its importance 
rint, 

so) will be best appreciated by never forgetting that both before 
orgett

always. Tip. And it is surely a lesser ignorance to write a word 
er ign
 a wor

end.^ Say it with missiles then and thus arabesque the page. You 
besque

have your cup of scalding Souchong, your taper's waxen drop, 
 Souch

as you worded it, your lark in clear air. So why, pray, sign any- 
, sign

perfect signature of its own.^ A true friend is known much more 
t sign

easily, and better into the bargain, by his personal touch, habits 
, habi

incestuish salacities among gerontophils, a word of warning 
 a wor

about the tenderloined passion hinted at. Some softnosed per- 
 Some 

spoons^ pros tituta in herba plus dinky pinks deliberatively summer- 
berati

(did we care to sell our feebought silence in camera) tell our very 
silenc

moistnostrilled one that father in such virgated contexts is not 
ontext

tumacy) who settles our hashbill for us and what an innocent all- 
n inno

abroad's adverb such as Michaelly looks like can be suggestive 
e sugg

pholept, endocrine-pineal typus, of inverted parentage with a 
ypus, 

for under her lubricitous meiosis when she refers with liking to 
 refer

affect, as singsing so Salaman susuing to swittvitles while as un- 
itles 
 as un

national gratitude. In fine, we have heard, as it happened, of 
e, we 

be whoso stands before a door and winks or parks herself in the 
and wi

and moreinausland's last and that the beautiful presence of wait- 
e beau

the mouths of wickerchurchwardens and metaphysicians in the 
ouths 

row and advokaatoes, allvoyous, demivoyelles, languoaths, les- 
voyell

tice be or where the human race itself were the Pythagorean ses- 
e Pyth
ythago

quipedalia of the panepistemion, however apically Volapucky, 
mion, 

hapaxle, gomenon, ppppfff, over country stiles, behind slated 
countr

So hath been, love: tis tis: and will be: till wears and tears and 
and wi

mine! Here, Ohere, insult the fair! Traitor, bad hearer, brave! 
 Trait

wake, tell hell's well; such is manowife's lot of lose and win again, 
and wi

like he's gruen quhiskers on who's chin again, she plucketed them 
uen qu

old stoliolum! From quiqui quinet to michemiche chelet and a 
 quiqu
qui qu

signs so adds to, in universal, in polygluttural, in each auxiliary 
sign

neutral idiom, sordomutics, florilingua, sheltafocal, flayflutter, a 
ngua, 

con's cubane, a pro's tutute, strassarab, ereperse and anythongue 
hongue

athall. Since nozzy Nanette tripped palmy ways with Highho 
anette

licker) this oldworld epistola of their weatherings and their 
world 

dence, we must vaunt no idle dubiosity as to its genuine author- 
e, we 

ship and holusbolus authoritativeness. And let us bringtheecease 
cease 

to beakerings on that clink, olmond bottler! On the face of it, 
r! On 

undoubtedly yes, and very potably so, but one who deeper thinks 
doubte

will always bear in the baccbuccus of his mind that this down- 
will

pronounced, otherwise spelled, changeably meaning vocable 
prono
vocabl

it only looks as like it as damn it; and, sure, we ought really to 
e, we 

over our home homoplate, cling to it as with drowning hands, 
omopla

and be hanged to them as ten to one they will too, please the pigs, 
lease 

gig glorioles, prefaced by (alas!) now illegible airy plumeflights, 
 glori
 plume

all tiberiously ambiembellishing the initials majuscule of Ear- 
 majus

wicker: the meant to be baffling chrismon trilithon sign m, finally 
n sign

the consort: (though for that matter, since we have heard from 
sort: 

hongkong sansheneul — but yirely the other and thirtieth of the 
 thirt

an Irish plot in the Champ de Mors, not?) the steady monologuy 
Mors, 

the cudgel and more blame the soot but unthanks to which 
but un

pristopher polombos, hence our Kat Kresbyterians; the curt 
mbos, 

middle; a word as cunningly hidden in its maze of confused 
 a wor

is to mpe mpom a gentlerman: and look at this prepronominal 
eprono

percast over the text, calling unnecessary attention to errors, 
ing un
rrors,

jesty which is but a trifle and yet may quietly amuse: those super- 
y amus

the geegees too, jesuistically formed at first but afterwards genu- 
jesuis

flected aggrily toewards the Occident: the Ostrogothic kako- 
Occide

strength (at least eleven men of thirty two palfry craft) revealed 
 thirt

his Claudian brother, is it worth while interrupting to say? — 
 Claud

page, broods i sensationseeking an idea, amid the verbiage, 
rbiage

its basque of bayleaves all aflutter about its forksfrogs, paces 
 basqu

words which follow may be taken in any order desired, hole of 

unconnected, principial, medial or final, always jims in the jam, 

sahib, as pipless as threadworms: the innocent exhibitionism of 
eadwor

those frank yet capricious underlinings: that strange exotic serpen- 
ous un

copyist seems at least to have grasped the beauty of restraint; the 
e beau
aint; 

family of MSS., Bb — Cod IV, Pap II, Brek XI, Lun III, Dinn 
 III, 

XVII, Sup XXX, Fullup M D C X C: the scholiast has hungrily 
XVII, 
 XXX, 

scribbler: the vocative lapse from which it begins and the accu- 
bler: 

general amnesia of misnomering one's own: next those ars, rrrr! 
 ars, 

their quatrain of rubyjets among Those Who arse without the 

Temple nor since Roe's Distillery burn'd have quaff'd Night's 
ave qu

for you, sir, whang her, the fine ooman, rouge to her lobster 
 to he

thick dhee (why, O why, O why?): the cut and dry aks and wise 
and wi

lopean patience of its last paraphe, a colophon of no fewer than 
aphe, 

seven hundred and thirtytwo strokes tailed by a leaping lasso — 
 thirt

rumane or ducks and drakes or debts and dishes perplex (v. Some 
 Some 

nesis, vol. xxiv, pp. 2-555) ^^^^^ ^he wellinformed observation, 
rvatio

unconsciencey passim) that in the case of the littleknown periplic 
onscie

bestteller popularly associated with the names of the wretched 
ttelle
r popu

tale-a-treat-in-itself variety which could hope satisfactorily to 
atisfa

were gradually and correctly understood to mean stop, please 
lease 

stop, do please stop, and O do please stop respectively, and 
lease 
lease 

singleminded men's asylum, accentuated by bi tso fb rok engl 
ylum, 

ad bin "provoked" ay A fork, of a grave Brofesor; ath e's Br^ak 
esor; 

spillfull Pratiland only and a playful fowl and musical me and 
 Prati

was in the Kvinnes country with Soldru's men. With acknow- 
countr

an adorable look of amuzement? And uses noclass billiardhalls 
dorabl

Sez you!) Shem the Penman. 
 you!)

trophes, set by Jockit Mic Ereweak. He misunderstruck and aim 
phes, 

barely in her tricklies; was well known to claud a conciliation 
lies; 

solemenly over his hullender's epulence; thought he weighed a 
olemen

fauss for us; is infinite swell in unfitting induments; once was he 
fauss
dument

of houdingplaces; if he outharrods against barkers, to the shool- 
aces; 

bred he acts whiteley; was evacuated at the mere appearance of 
vacuat

three germhuns and twice besieged by a sweep; from zoomor- 

phology to omnianimalism he is brooched by the spin of a coin; 
coin; 

chapel exit; brain of the franks, hand of the christian, tongue of 
exit; 

a horologe unstoppable and the Benn of all bells; fuit, isst and 
fuit, 

cuss in the forest but plane member for Megalopolis; mountun- 
olis; 

scouturn; hidal, in carucates he is enumerated, hold as an earl, 
idal, 

gore; pause and quies, triple bill; went by metro for the polis and 
triple

calamities; makes a delictuous entree and finishes off the course 
ties; 

paschal fire; forbids us our trespassers as we forgate him; the 
fire; 

tank it up, dank it up, tells the tailor to his tout; entoutcas for a 
p, dan

the way of the Danes; variously catalogued, regularly regrouped; 
anes; 

blew ye; real detonation but false report; spa mad but inn sane; 
port; 

Kolonsreagh, Seapoint, Quayhowth, Ashtown, Ratheny; inde- 
apoint
nt, Qu

of Rome; we saw thy farm at Useful Prine, Domhnall, Domhnall; 
Rome; 

places, lived through tot reigns; takes a szumbath for his weekend 
 takes

ball enjoys Giroflee Giroflaa; what Nevermore missed and 
Girofl
Girofl

in Africa for the fullblacks; the arc of his drive was forty full 
n Afri

family Collesons whom he calls les nouvelles roches; though his 
 nouve
uvelle

hope stick to futuerism; light leglifters cense him souriantes from 
uriant

afore while boor browbenders curse him grommelants to his 
 gromm

Easterling of pentecostitis, no followers by bequest, fanfare all 
itis, 
 fanfa

cousins germinating in the United States of America and a 
ed Sta

pelhaps but Hwang Chang evelytime; he one was your of high- 
time; 

T.C.H., L.O.N.; is Breakfates, Lunger, Diener and Souper; as 
uper; 

a dear; hoveth chieftains evrywehr, with morder; Ostman 
ith mo

his parisites; first of the fenians, roi des faineants^ his Tiara of 
ineant

munster; was struck out of his sittem when he rowed saulely to 
ster; 

living a fire; speared the rod and spoiled the lightning; married 
fire; 

with cakes and repunked with pleasure; till he was buried how- 
sure; 

unsightliness but the nestlings that liven his leafscreen sing him 

a lover of arbuties; we strike hands over his bloodied warsheet 
ties; 

vikelegal, our swaran foi; under the four stones by his streams 
 foi; 

taneous equator of elimbinated integras when three upon one is 
us equ

fusianist heronim and that chuchuffuous chinchin of his is like 
 chuch

ings their rival queens while Grimshaw, Bragshaw and Renshaw 
val qu

made off with his storen clothes; taxed and rated, licensed and 
thes; 

Miraculone, Monstrucceleen; led the upplaws at the Creation and 
Creati

moniser; made a summer assault on our shores and begiddy got 
iser; 

than death; Gran Turco, orege forment; lachsembulger, leperlean; 
lger, 

long; comm, eilerdich, hecklebury and sawyer thee, warden; 
long; 

terpet micks his aquascutum; the enjoyment he took in kay 
is aqu

of piercers, ally to a host of rawlies; against lightning, explosion, 
lies; 

oxtail soup and chat as gay as a porto flippant; is unhesitent in 
pant; 

his chest-o-wars; fiefeofhome, ninehundred and thirtunine years 
 thirt

runs down the Huguenots; Boomaport, Walleslee, Ubermeerschall 
slee, 

Blowcher and Supercharger, Monsieur Ducrow, Mister Mudson, 
dson, 

full of beans and brehons; hallucination, cauchman, ectoplasm; 
hons; 

quality; his reverse makes a virtue of necessity while his obverse 

second imperial, untie points, unhook tenters and he's lath and 
al, un
ts, un

plaster; calls upon Allthing when he fails to appeal to Eachovos; 
ster; 

basidens, ardree, kongsemma, rexregulorum; stood into Dee mouth, 
dens, 

of spates; cumbrum, cumbrum, twiniceynurseys fore a drum but 
ates; 

girdles in Silver on the Screen but was sequenced from the set 
s sequ

ally he doesn't come off before Virgintiquinque Germinal; his In- 
e Virg
e Germ

yet remews the same; the drain rats bless his offals while the park 
same; 

younkers and bewitthered Apostolopolos with the gale of his gall; 

your nepos; hearken but hush it, screen him and see; time is, 
epos; 

alcohol; has a tussle with the trulls and then does himself justice; 
tice; 

hinted at in the eschatological chapters of Humphrey's Justesse 
stesse

in the Yeast, Pitre-le-Pore-in Petrin, Barth-the-Grete-by-the- 
trin, 

the sail and woe the rudder that were set for Mairie Quail; his 
Mairie

lying chap, floodsupplier of celiculation through ebblanes; a part 
anes; 

of the whole as a port for a whale; Dear Hewitt Castello, Equerry, 
hale; 

he crawls with lice, he swarms with saggarts; is as quiet as a 
arts; 

ghosted; bored the Ostrov, leapt the Inferus, swam the Mabbul 
erus, 

he appeared to his shecook as Haycock, Emmet, Boaro, Toaro, 
mmet, 

the nettles of rashness; put a roof on the lodge for Hymn and a 

shouldered and middlishneck aged about; caller herring every- 
bout; 

stein's Arbour; tronf of the rep, comf of the priv, prosp of the 
bour; 

honorary captain of the extemporised fire brigade, reported to 
honor

be friendly with the police; the door is still open; the old stock 
lice; 

collar is coming back; not forgetting the time you laughed at 
orgett

hearthsculdus our thorstyites set their lymphyamphyre; his year- 
hyre; 

by the standard of wrought plate; a pair of pectorals and a triple- 
triple

gorgon of selfridgeousness; pours a laughsworth of his informa- 
gorg

speech La Belle spun to her Grand Mount and wholed a lifetime 
 to he

and but a wart on Europe; wanamade singsigns to soundsense 
rope; 

plusible; has excisively large rings and is uncustomarily perfumed; 
plus

lusteth ath he listeth the cleah whithpeh of a themise; is a prince 
mise; 

of the fingallian in a hiberniad of hoolies; has a hodge to wherry 
allian
lies; 

life out of predikants; still turns the durc's ear of Darius to the 
Darius

to clouts and pottled porter; woollem the farsed, hahnreich the 
rter; 

of nature set a veiled world agrin and went within a sheet of 
ed wor
world 

streams, and her coy cajoleries, and her dabblin drolleries, for to 
olerie

or cowld Clesiastes, could espy her pranklings, they'd burst 
rankli

not Haraldsby, grocer, not Vatandcan, vintner, not Houseboat 
ocer, 

Le Mieux not Benjamin's Lea not Tholomew's Whaddingtun 
 Mieux

c) the most expansive peopling thoroughfare in the world, ^Z) the 
ansive

Answer: d) Delfas. And when ye'll hear the gould hommers 
d homm

resistance and the tenderbolts of my rivets working to your 
s work

riding acope-acurly, you with yer orange garland and me with 
you wi

and how'tis I would be engaging you with my plovery soft ac- 
you wi

goodself churning over the newleaved butter {more power to 
 butte

Sainted Salmon, chucking chub and ducking dace, Rodiron's not 
dace, 

stone his kniveses, fullest boarded, lewd man of the method of 
 metho

Bros swobber preferred. Walther Clausetter's and Sons with the 
prefer
usette

profusional drinklords to please obstain, he is fatherlow soun- 
lease 

honeysugger phwhtphwht tha Bay and who bruk the dandleass 
he dan

differentiation, unify their voxes in a vote of vaticination, who 
on, un

live and wive by wile and rile by rule of ruse 'reathed rose and 
and wi

tual futule preteriting unstant, in the states of suspensive exani- 
ing un

even led comesilencers to comeliewithhers and till intempes- 
silenc

meet melts in tother wants poignings, the sap rising, the foles 
tother

falling, the nimb now nihilant round the girlyhead so becoming, 
 nihil

mouth and the beau that spun beautiful pales as it palls, what 
e beau
n beau

Thanks, pette, those are lovely, pitounette, delicious! But mind 
unette

the wind, sweet! What exquisite hands you have, you angiol, if 
t exqu

day, the first during her shower and wipe off with tissue. Then 
and wi

with me as his belle alliance. Andoo musnoo play zeloso! Soso 
 belle
allian

my remembrancetie, shoeweek will be trotting back with red 
etie, 

you! Please by acquiester to meek my acquointance ! Codling, 
lease 

Yes, the buttercups told me, hug me, damn it all, and I'll kiss 
 butte

me there and then cease to be? Whatever for, blossoms?) Your 
cease 

Hasaboobrawbees isabeaubel. And because, you pluckless lanka- 
sabeau

listening to every treasuried word I said fell from my dear mot's 
ed wor

please me, treasure. Don't be a, I'm not going to! Sh! nothing! 
lease 

as sure as I read them) Mina, Nippa, Opsy, Poll, Queeniee, Ruth, 
ippa, 

sins. When their bride was married all my belles began ti ting. 
 belle

sundry papers. In th' amourlight, O my darling! No, I swear to 
 amour

you by Fibsburrow churchdome and Sainte Andree's Under- 

shift, by all I hold secret from my world and in my underworld 
world 
world 

Close your, notmust look! Now open, pet, your lips, pepette, 
 pet, 

proof of love, up Smock Alley the first night he smelled pouder 
smelle

seal. I am enjoying it still, I swear I am! Why do you prefer its 
prefer

lips, love, be careful! Mind my duvetyne dress above all! It's 
 duvet

and more, ye aucthor, to explique to ones the significat of their 
xpliqu

countrary raged in the weak of his wailing, like a rugilant pugi- 
countr

Dieuf and Domb Nostrums foh thomethinks to eath; if he 
 Nostr

Answer: No, blank ye! So you think I have impulsivism? Did 
mpulsi

spatialist. From it you will here notice, Schott, upon my for the 
you wi

first remarking you that the sophology of Bitchson while driven 
e soph

as under by a purely dime-dime urge is not without his cashcash 
as un

we have had our little recherche brush with, what, Schott?) and 
echerc

viouristically paillete with a coat of homoid icing which is in 
 paill

reality only a done by chance ridiculisation of the whoo-whoo 
 ridic

Talis is a word often abused by many passims (I am working 
 a wor
n abus

Talis de Talis, the swordswallower, who is on at the Craterium 
alis, 

the same Talis von Talis, the penscrusher, no funk you 1 who runs 
alis, 

Professor Loewy-Brueller (though as I shall promptly prove 
ruelle

Why am I not horn like a Gentileman and why am I now so speak- 
 Genti

pest, 5688, A.M.) whole-heartedly takes off his gabbercoat and 
 takes

wig, honest draughty fellow, in his public interest, to make us 

paleoparisien schola of tinkers and spanglers who say Fm wrong 
arisie

trodding on my foes. Professor Levi-Brullo, F.D. of Sexe- 
ullo, 

pines after like all tomtompions haunting crevices for a deadbeat 
ompion

escupement and what het importunes our Mitleid for in accornish 
upemen

lequou asousiated with the royal gorge through students of 
lequ

when is no otherman's quandour (Mine, dank you.^) while, for 
e, dan

As my explanations here are probably above your understand- 
explan

as Cadwan, Cadwallon and Cadwalloner, I shall revert to a more 
all re

expletive method which I frequently use when I have to sermo 
 metho

flabelled his eyes, pilleoled his nostrils, vacticanated his ears and 
abelle

pugnable, harped on his crown and stepped out of his immobile 
gnable

girded on, and with that between his legs and his tarkeels, our 
and wi

stream that would be a river, parched on a limb of the olum, bolt 
olum, 

the dresser's desdaign on the flyleaf of his frons; and he was 
sdaign
rons; 

cul de Pompe, In all his specious heavings, as be lived by Opti- 
ompe, 

mus Maximus, the Mookse had never seen his Dubville brooder- 
imus, 

everyway addedto wallat's collectium, for yea longer he lieved 
tium, 

benhauses quailed to hear his tardeynois at all for you cannot 
 to he

— Ask my index, mund my achilles, swell my obolum, wosh- 
chille
olum, 

clement, urban, eugenious and celestian in the formose of good 
lement

grogory humours. Quote awhore.'^ That is quite about what I 
rs. Qu

length. Now estimate my capacity. Well, sour.'^ Is this space of 
apacit

swered him ! Culla vosellina, 
lina, 

the rime on my raisins, if I connow make my submission, I can- 

will never be abler to tell Your Honoriousness (here he near lost 
 Honor

— Your temple, sus in crihro! Semperexcommunicambiambi- 
excomm

sistorous allocution pompifically with immediate jurisdiction 
isdict

wrucked Gripes!). And I regret to proclaim that it is out of my 
 to pr

temporal to help you from being killed by inchies, (what a 
 to he
hies, 

it is to be wholly sane. Unionjok and be joined to yok! Parysis, 
ne. Un

the allmysty cielung, he luckystruck blueild out of a few should- 

Teresa street and a stopsign before Sophy Barratt's, he gaddered 
e Soph
addere

exagoras and Mumfsen and Thumpsem, by Orasmus and by 
agoras

Amenius, by Anacletus the Jew and by Malachy the Augurer and 
e Augu

tine and Alldaybrandy's formolon, he reproved it ehrltogether 
olon, 

three thirty and a hundred times by the binomial dioram and 
 thirt

the penic walls and the ind, the Inklespill legends and the rure, 
rure, 

the rule of the hoop and the blessons of expedience and the jus, 
 jus, 

Bokes' Juncroom and the Chapters for the Cunning of the Chap- 
nning 

ters of the Conning Fox by Tail. 
nning 

While that Mooksius with preprocession and with propre- 
and wi

succes ! (Hourihaleine) It might have been a happy evening but . . . 
halein

was overclused when Kneesknobs on his zwivvel was makeact- 
erclus

she could be (though he was much too schystimatically auricular 
uricul

about his ens to heed her) but it was all mild's vapour moist. Not 
 to he
oist. 

Petite Bretagne and she rounded her mignons arms like Mrs 
Petit
retagn

Cornwallis-West and she smiled over herself like the beauty of 
e beau

the image of the pose of the daughter of the queen of the Em- 

— I see, she sighed. There are menner. 
 menne

He ceased. And he ceased, tung and trit, and it was neversoever 
trit, 

pluie! 
pluie

she gathered up his hoariness the Mookse motamourfully where 
tamour

he was spread and carried him away to her invisible dwelling, 
 to he

his limb and cariad away its beotitubes with her to her unseen 
 to he
her un

cancelled all her engauzements. She climbed over the bannistars; 
ncelle

Vse so silly to he flowing hut I no canna stay! 
 to he

round your circulation in diu dursus, 
rsus, 

methodiousness. I want him to go and live like a theabild in 
metho

overboard, where he'll make Number io6 and be near Inacces- 
nacces

Inexhaustible when we refloat upon all the butternat, sweet gum 
 butte

ideas and he'd have a world of things to look back on. Do, sweet 
 a wor
world 

I shall hope to hear that you will not be wrong about it. But I 
 to he
you wi

Will you please come over and let us mooremoore murgessly 
lease 

nite. Mr Wist is thereover beyeind the wantnot. Wilsh and wist 
and wi

estas preter la tapizo malgranda. Lilegas al si en sia chambro. 
 malgr
lgrand
chambr

your sotisfiction how his abject all through (the quickquid of Pro- 

he may want ours, if we please (I am speaking to us in the second 
lease 

cheeps in your pocket at the same time and with the same man- 
and wi

Burrus, let us like to imagine, is a genuine prime, the real 
rrus, 
rime, 

and, let me say it at once, as zealous over him as is passably he. 
assabl

Volatilis and Petrus Papricus ! Our Old Party quite united round 
rty qu

The older sisars (Tyrants, regicide is too good for you!) be- 
 you!)

pienofarte effect as his furst act as that is where the juke comes 
te eff

in) having been sort-of-nineknived and chewly removed (this 
n sort

the deserted champ de bouteilles, (A most cursery reading into the 
outeil

the permienting cannasure the Coucousien oafsprung of this 

della Vogul Manna! But that I dannoy the fact of wanton to 
 Manna

weste point I could paint you to that butter (cheese it!) if you 
 butte

needless for one ex imgue Leonem to say by whom) that his 
e Leon

ein Butterhrot^ mein Butterhrot! Und Koebi iss dein Schtinkenkotl 
 Butte
 Butte

tolerant of antipathies. Nex quovis burro num jit mercaseusF I am 
ipathi

not hereby giving my final endorsement to the learned ignorants 
rsemen

give an unconditional sinequam to the heroicised furibouts of 
give

the Nolanus theory, or, at any rate, of that substrate of apart 

Now, while I am not out now to be taken up as unintention- 
 as un

the more economical helixtrolysis of these amboadipates until 
tes un

delusional acting as ambivalent to the fixation of his pivotism. 
s pivo

brindled, betteraved or blanchemanged where it might be use- 
emange

our wiser ears by subordinating the space-element, that is to 
 subor
lement

I shall have a word to say in a few yards about the acoustic 
 a wor

and you may not care for argon, it will be very convenient for 
rgon, 

cruetstand. This genre of portraiture of changes of mind in order 
 genre

the zulugical zealot prefer it, a congorool teal. The hatboxes 
prefer

celsis)y also comprised the climactogram up which B and C may 
 clima

fondly be imagined ascending and are suggestive of gentlemen's 
e sugg

anything unless he happens of himself, movihile tectu^ to have a 
ing un

done as much, have quite got the size of that demilitery young 
ave qu

Majesty how to make waters worse. 
Maje

teacher under the boards of education, a voted disciple of Infan- 
her un

that totamulier will always lack the musculink of a verumvirum. 

I tackle this tickler hussy for occupying my uttentions.) 
ons.) 

she velly fond of chee. (The important influence exercised on 
chee. 

pottage in). The thundering legion has stormed Olymp that 
 Olymp

Genius to Careous Caseous! Moriture, te salutat! My phemous 
riture

ham Tripier. Those old diligences are quite out of date. Read 
 dilig

fas! Adversus hostem semper sac! She that will not feel my ful- 
semper

of word's law, who never with humself was fed and leaves 
of wor

to beg for a bite i-n our bark Noisdanger^ would meself and Mac 
sdange

it broke my heart to pray it, still I'd fear I'd hate to say! 
 to pr

thumbs, a blind stomach, a deaf heart, a loose liver, two fifths of 
a loos

other when yea, he hath no mananas, and one when dose pigs 
anas, 

the rending of the rocks, — Sham. 

first via foodstuffs. So low was he that he preferred Gibsen's tea- 
prefer

your somatophage merman takes his fancy to our virgitarian 
ophage
 takes

as the czitr, as the kcedron, like a scedar, of the founts, on moun- 
dron, 

sour grapefruice and, to hear him twixt his sedimental cupslips 
 to he

chesse, if she is a duck, she's a douches, and when she has a 
chesse

grinning at, fancy you're in her yet, Fanny Urinia. 
nning 

mer desh to tren, into Patatapapaveri's, fruiterers and musical 
tren, 

Exexex! COMMUNICATED.] 
COMMUN

and rolled over, sure all was up, but, though he fell heavily and 
 rolle

locally into debit, not even then could such an antinomian be 
ebit, 

pneumantics; he refused to saffrocake himself with a sod. With 
tics; 

the foreign devil's leave the fraid born fraud diddled even death. 

David. 
David

You see, chaps, it will trickle out, freaksily of course, but the 
You 

All the time he kept on treasuring with condign satisfaction each 
atisfa

came acrux it, we think it is a word transpiciously like canaille}: 
 a wor
anaill

waker's pensile in the outer of his lauscher and then, lisping, 
ensile

to think what under the canopies of Jansens Chrest would any 
 Chres

philanthropicks lodging on as many boards round the panesthetic 
nthrop

Humhum, whom history, climate and entertainment made the 
 clima

ing unsolicited testimony on behalf of the absent, as glib as eaves- 
ing un

misused and cuttlefishing every lie unshrinkable about all the 
lie un

as, Fm yoush, see wha'm hearing?, also goods, please it, me 
lease 

sure?, be filling this!, quiso, you said it, apasafello, muchas 
uiso, 

anything in the world he could do to please him and to overflow 
world 
lease 

was therefore treated with what closely resembled parsonal viol- 
reated

Not yet has the Empfrom Cor psica forced the Arth out of Engleterre; 
nglete

Not yet his Arcohaleine forespoken Peacepeace upon Oath; 
halein

Cleftfoot from Hempal must tumpel, Blamefool Gardener s bound to 
 Garde

Perce-Oreille, 
Oreill

O fortunous casualitas! Lefty takes the cherubcake while 
 takes

and blood games, written and composed and sung and danced 
nd dan

Henressy Crump Expolled, Postmarks Knock, Are We F airly s Rep- 
Henr

sued by the scented curses of all the village belles and, without 
 belle

vanessance of his lownest) who was known to grognt rather than 
ssance

that interlocutor a latere and private privysuckatary he used to 
terloc

tail on a commet, as a taste for storik's fortytooth, that is to 
mmet, 

Imaginaire which was to be dubbed JVinCy Woman and JVater- 
inaire

by Maistre Sheames de la Plume, some most dreadful stuff in a 
lume, 

or in secular sinkalarum, heads up, on his bonafide avocation (the 
arum, 
 avoca

and happy belongers to the fairer sex on their usual quest for 
 faire

addict, growing megalomane of a loose past. This explains the 
a loos

litany of septuncial lettertrumpets honorific, highpitched, erudite, 
 honor
dite, 

spectacle of this semidemented zany amid the inspissated grime 
idemen

vellum he blundered over was an aisling vision more gorgeous 
e gorg

everthemore his queque kept swelling) of enthusiastic noble- 
 quequ

his probscenium, one after the others, inamagoaded into ajustil- 
nium, 
 ajust

hat and three green, cheese and tangerine trinity plumes on the 
 plume

right handle side of his amarellous head, a coat macfarlane (the 
marell

Cardinal Occidentaccia (ah ho!) in the dearby darby doubled for 
Occide

falling first over the hurdles, madam, in the odder hand, a.a.t.s.o.t., 
 madam

but what with the murky light, the botchj_£rint, the tattered 
rint, 

coyer, the jigjagged page, the fumbling fingers, the foxtrotting 
oyer, 

his mindfag, the buzz in his braintree, the tic of his conscience, 
onscie

a word a week. Hake's haulin! Hook's fisk! Can you beat it? 
a wor

house down on, shouting: Bravure, surr Chorles! Letter purfect! 
ravure

rous and full, ordered off the gorgeous premises in most cases on 
e gorg

private profit until, as just related, the Dustbin's United Scullery- 
fit un
ntil, 

[Jymes wishes to hear from wearers of abandoned female cos- 
 to he

culottes and onthergarmenteries, to start city life together. His 
culott
nterie

it. Copies. ABORTISEMENT.] 
ISEMEN

as to how slow in reality the excommunicated Drumcondriac, 
excomm

nate Hamis, really was. Who can say how many pseudostylic 
amis, 

saddishness, to ensign the colours by the beerlitz in his mathness 
ensign

glee: gember! inkware! chonchambre! cinsero! zinnzabar! tinc- 
chambr

ture and gin!) Nibs never would have quilled a seriph to 
ave qu

sheepskin. By that rosy lampoon's effluvious burning and with 
and wi

even sharing a precipitation under the idlish tarriers' umbrella 
pitati

margins of this rancid Shem stuff the evilsmeller (who was 
smelle

inartistic portraits of himself in the act of reciting old 
c port

tiff's tanner vuice, a jucal inkome of one hundred and thirtytwo 
 thirt

abuse of self and others, was the worst, it is hoped, even in our 
abus

western playboyish world for pure mousefarm filth. You brag 
world 

rindless raisins, alphybettyformed verbage, vivlical viasses, om- 
erbage

fallen lucifers, vestas which had served, showered ornaments, 
ich ha

tage, unquestionable issue papers, seedy ejaculations, limerick 
ge, un

borrowed plumes, relaxable handgrips, princess promises, lees of 
 plume

doffers, broken wafers, unloosed shoe latchets, crooked strait 
rs, un

waistcoats, fresh horrors from Hades, globules of mercury, 
lobule

distortions, inversions of all this chambermade music one stands, 
invers

tom (may the Shaper have mercery on him!) writing the mystery 
e myst

and potched in an athanor, whites and yolks and yilks and whotes 
anor, 

to the frulling fredonnance of Mas blanca que la hlanca hermana 
nnance

and Amarilla^ muy bien^ with cinnamon and locusts and wild bees- 
and wi

to Sharadan's Art of Panning^ chanting, for all regale to the like 
all re

cantraps of fermented words, abracadabra calubra culorum, (his 
ed wor
orum, 

oewfs a la Madame Gabrielle de I'Eglise, his avgs a la Mistress 
Madame
'Eglis

B. de B. Meinfelde, his eiers Usquadmala a la pomme de ciel, 
ciel, 

his uoves, oves and uves a la Sulphate de Soude, his ochiuri 
oude, 

sowtay sowmmonay a la Monseigneur, his soufflosion of oogs 
nseign
neur, 
 souff

that infanted him Father Mathew and Le Pere Noble and Pastor 
e Nobl

Lucas and Padre Aguilar — not forgetting Lay teacher Baudwin! 
orgett

suet candles and romeruled stationery for any purpose, he winged 
ndles 

potentem sine ullo pudore nec venia, suscepto pluviali atque discinctis 
atque 

periiomatisy natibus nudis uti nati fuissenty sese adpropinquans , 
inquan

stercus proprium, quod appellavit deiectiones suas, in vas olim 
um, qu

honorabile tristitiae posuit, eodem sub invocatione fratrorum gemino- 
honor

incipit: Lingua mea calamus scribae velociter scribentis: magna voce 
ntis: 

demum ex stercore turpi cum divi Ononis iucunditate mixto, cocto, 
 iucun

frigorique exposito, encaustum sibi fecit indelibile (faked O' Ryan's, 
goriqu
xposit

Then, pious Eneas, conformant to the fulminant firman which 
fulmin

in the United Stars of Ourania or bedeed and bedood and bedang 
ed Sta

voising moodmoulded cyclewheeling history (thereby, he said, 
voisin

dual chaos, perilous, potent, common to allflesh, human only, 
haos, 

self which he had squirtscreened from the crystalline world 
world 

stoties to save him, this the quemquem, that the quum, from the 
quemqu
quum, 

the livingsmeansuniumgetherum, Knockmaree, Comty Mea, reel- 
erum, 

hideful between the rival doors of warm bethels of worship 
hide
of wor

Sergo, search me, the incapable reparteed with a selfevitant 
vitant

staggered thereto in his countryports at the caledosian capacity 
countr
apacit

for Lieutuvisky of the caftan's wineskin and even more so, 
r Lieu

noblish permish, he" was namely coon at bringer at home two 
nobl

gallonts, as per royal, full poultry till his murder. Nip up and 
onts, 

pretty black against you, we suggest, Sheem avick. You will 
e sugg

need all the elements in the river to clean you over it all and a 
lement

Let us pry. We thought, would and did. Cuty quicquid, ubiy 
quicqu

quando, quomodo, quotiesy quibus auxiliis? You were bred, fed, 
do, qu
do, qu

anarch, egoarch, hiresiarch, you have reared your disunited king- 
anarch

hem, that you will neither serve not let serve, pray nor let pray? 
hem, 
you wi

And here, pay the piety, must I too nerve myself to pray for the 
 to pr

your sins. Away with covered words, new Solemonities for old 
ed wor

occasions of failing (for, said you, I will elenchate), adding to the 
ate), 

the already unhappiness of this our popeyed world, scribblative ! 
ed wor

the allsweetheartening bridemuredemeanour! Her eye's so glad- 

and fast for our feast, you with your dislocated reason, have 
you wi

gruel with more grease to your elbow the merrier fumes your 
ith mo

in the curner, where you were as popular as an armenial with 
s popu

the faithful, and you set fire to my tailcoat when I hold the 

paraffin smoker under yours (I hope that chimney's clear) but, 
raffin

slackly shirking both your bullet and your billet, you beat it 
llet, 

backwards like Boulanger from Galway (but he combed the grass 
ulange

paste prosodite, masculine monosyllables of die same numerical 
dite, 

Shall we follow each others a steplonger, drowner of daggers, 
eplong

whiles our liege, tilyet a stranger in the frontyard of his happi- 
iege, 

in Novena Lodge, Novara Avenue, in Patripodium-am-Bummel, 
mmel, 

aloft, our handsome young spiritual physician that was to be, 
piritu
l phys

seducing every sense to selfwilling celebesty, the most winning 
nning 

counterfeuille on our incomeshare lotetree, a chum of the 
feuill

let him tome to Tindertarten, pease, and bing his scooter 
 tome 

'long and 'tend they were all real brothers in the big justright 
all re

a flaw whose spiritual toilettes were the talk of half the town, for 
piritu
oilett

sunset wear and nightfallen use and daybroken donning and 
nning 

out how his innards worked ! 
s work

flexibly out of charitable butteries by yowling heavy with a 
flexi
 butte
tterie

you Sinner Pitre and Sinner Poule, with the chicken's gape and 
oule, 

pas mal de siecle, which, by the by, Reynaldo, is the ordinary 
 siecl
ecle, 
aldo, 

hand, I say, them bearded jezabelles you hired to rob you, while 
abelle

on your sodden straw impolitely you encored (Airish and naw- 
impoli

Ruth you called your companionate, a beauty from the bible, of 
a beau

the flushpots of Euston and the hanging garments of Maryle- 

throwers knickered: who's whinging we? Comport yourself, 
omport

your extravagance and made a Hottentot of dulpeners crawsick 
agance

Let me finish! Just a little judas tonic, my ghem of all jokes, to 
onic, 

hammet? And remember that golden silence gives consent, Mr 
silenc

Anklegazer! Cease to be civil, learn to say nay! Whisht! Come 
ivil, 
learn 

here, Herr Studiosus, till I tell you a wig in your ear. We'll do a 
osus, 

you. And the Flimsy Follettes are simply beside each other. 
llette

may choke me if I beneighbour you without my charity! Sh! 
may 
you wi

somnia somniorum, Awmawm. 
orum, 

a kingship through a fault! Pariah, cannibal Cain, I who oathily 
ault! 

we yield our spiritus to the wind, for (though that royal one 
piritu

flowerpot on the pole, the spaniel pack and their quarry, retainers 
pole, 

la, you dominate) it is to you, firstborn and firstfruit of woe, to 
la, 

laughed on me, because, O me lonly son, ye are forgetting me!, 
orgett

deltilla, running with her tidings, old the news of the great big 
nning 

world, sonnies had a scrap, woewoewoe! bab's baby walks at 
 walks

stud stoned before a racecourseful, two belles that make the 
 belle

are up, mesdames, while Parimiknie wears popular short legs, 
s popu

riilringlets shaking, rocks drops in her tachie, tramtokens in 
ringle

oldfashioned mummy, little wonderful mummy, ducking under 
ing un

bling, bubbling, chattering to herself, deloothering the fields on 
chatte
 to he

— Quoiquoiquoiquoiquoiquoiquoiq! 
Quoiqu
quoiqu
quoiqu
quoiqu
quoiqu
quoiqu

Anna Li via! I want to hear all 
 to he

we all know Anna Livia. Tell me all. Tell me now. You'll die 

O, the roughty old rappe! Minxing marrage and making loof. 
appe! 

of grandeur on him like a walking wiesel rat. And his derry's 
andeur

Who blocksmitt her saft anvil or yelled lep to her pail.'^ Was her 
 to he

quaggy waag for stumbling. Who sold you that jackalantern's 

when he wonced in La Plate. O, tell me all I want to hear, how 
 to he

fell. Letting on she didn't care, sina feza, me absantee, him man 
ntee, 

his crocs, hungerstriking all alone and holding doomsdag over 
rocs, 

bonzour to her dear dubber Dan. With neuphraties and sault 
 to he

un Vermicelli or a balfy bit ov old Jo Robidson, Sucho fuffing a 
dson, 

Wickerymandy! Hello^ ducky ^ please dont die! Do you know 
lease 

glucks or Madame Delba to Romeoreszk? You'll never guess. 
Madame

siligirl or wensum farmerette walking the pilend roads, Sawy, 
erette

make her a simp or sign to slip inside by the sullyport.'^ You don't 
r sign

of sight and all the way of a maid with a man and making a sort 
a sort

world at him! To inny captured wench you wish of no matter 
world 
you wi

down off my iodine feet until I lerryn Anna Livia's cushingloo, 
eet un

Onon! Onon! tell me more. Tell me every tiny teign. I want 
 teign

into jagsthole. And why were the vesles vet. That homa fever's 
esles 

winning me wome. If a mahun of the horse but hard me ! We'd 
nning 

rightly rede you that. Close only knows. Some say she had three 
 Some 

They did well to rechristien her Pluhurabelle. O loreley! What a 
abelle

or in single combat. Tinker, tilar, souldrer, salor. Pieman Peace 
drer, 

you sighin fob, Albern, O Anser.'* Untie the gemman's fistiknots, 
nots, 

neathe the ground with nymphant shame when he gave her the 
nt sha

Kilbride and go foaming under Horsepass bridge, with the great 
ing un

fordofhurdlestown and lie with a landleaper, wellingtonorseher. 
leaper

ut? Izod? Are you sarthin suir? Not where the Finn fits into the 
rthin 

Mourne, not where the Nore takes lieve of Blcem, not where the 
 takes

looked, Nance the Nixie, Nanon L'Escaut, in the silence, of the sy- 
silenc

vierge violetian. Wish a wish ! Why a why? Mavro ! Letty Lerck's 
vierge

203 

souff*. But she ruz two feet hire in her aisne aestumation. And 
souff

and Wallowme Wade, Lugnaquillia's noblesse pickts, before she 
s nobl

birch canoedler not to mention a bulgic porterhouse barge. And 
c port

fairiest rider, too frail to flirt with a cygnet's plume, she was licked 
 plume

hear the dear so near or longing loth and loathing longing? Are 

are, not crampton lawn. Baptiste me, father, for she has sinned I 
. Bapt
ptiste

on quay in scarlet thread. Linked for the world on a flush- 
world 

scoured the countryside from Nannywater to Vartryville or from 
countr

jees twanged, with oddfellow's triple tiara busby rotundarinking 
triple

Vulnerable Virgin's Mary del Dame! So she said to herself she'd 
e Virg
 to he

lampion, off one of her swapsons, Shaun the Post, and then she 
pion, 

in the mascarete. O gig goggle of gigguels. I can't tell you how! 
mascar

chanza getting to heaven through Tirry and Killy's mount of 
 to he

impiety to hear it all, aviary word! O, leave me my faculties, 
 to he

First she let her hair fal and down it flussed to her feet its 
 to he

with galawater and fraguant pistania mud, wupper and lauar, 
aguant

warthes and wears and mole and itcher, with antifouling butter- 
 butte

scatch and turfentide and serpenthyme and with leafmould she 
and wi

ushered round prunella isles and eslats dun, quincecunct, allover 
runell
un, qu

done, a dawk of smut to her airy ey, Annushka Lutetiavitch 
 to he

Pufflovah, and the lellipos cream to her lippeleens and the pick 
 to he

the nexth of April when the flip of her hoogly igloo flappered and 
April 

you saw, nodding around her, all smiles, with ems of embarras 
barras

battering ram? Ay, you're right. Fm epte to forgetting. Like 
orgett

of her hydeaspects: potatorings boucled the loose laubes of her 
ects: 

till it ran in the washing: stout stays, the rivals, lined her length: 
vals, 

stripe tan Joseph was sequansewn and teddybearlined, with wavy 
s sequ

queer. Lotsy trotsy, mind the poddle! Missus, be good and don't 

feeding, in contemplation of the fluctuation and the undificatidn 
ctuati

taas and specis bizaas. And where in thunder did she plunder? 
s biza

or weser to strike it, edereider, making chattahoochee all to her 
 to he

nistling to hear for their tiny hearties, her arms encircling Isola- 
 to he

bella, then running with reconciled Romas and Reims, on like a 
nning 

she fleetly laid at our door! On the matt, by the pourch and in- 
r! On 

slums and artesaned wellings, rickets and riots, like the Smyly 
iots, 

boys at their vicereine's levee. Vivi vienne, little Annchen! Vielo 
vienne

raabed and reach out her maundy meerschaundize, poor souvenir 
uvenir

as per ricorder and all for sore aringarung, stinkers and heelers, 
icorde

daughters, a thousand and one of them, and wickerpotluck for 
and wi

a rattle and wildrose cheeks for poor Piccolina Petite MacFarlane; 
and wi
 Petit

them for Isabel, Jezebel and Llewelyn Mmarriage; a brazen nose 
iage; 

and a nightmarching hare for Techertim Tombigby; waterleg 
tmarch

wards for modest Sister Anne Mortimer; altar falls for Blanchisse's 
imer; 

bed; Wildairs' breechettes for Magpeg Woppington; to Sue Dot 
chette

appletweed stools for Eva Mobbely; for Saara Philpot a Jordan 
a Phil

for Eddy Lawless; for Kitty Coleraine of Butterman's Lane a 
 Butte

penny wise for her foolish pitcher; a putty shovel for Terry the 
cher; 

with a twicedated shell and a dynamight right for Pavl the Curate; 
with

mangolds noble to sweeden their bitters; for Oliver Bound a 
s nobl

for Armoricus Tristram Amoor Saint Lawrence; a guillotine 
 guill

quodoboits for Great Tropical Scott; a C3 peduncle for Karma- 
 Scott

all lock and no stable for Honorbright Merreytrickx; a big drum 
 Honor

Yuinness or Yennessy, Laagen or Niger, for Festus King and 
estus 

and O'Delawarr Rossa and Nerone MacPacem and whoever you 
 Neron

bernonian market! All that and more under one crinoline enve- 
ore un

Mill (J.) On Woman with Ditto on the Floss. Ja, a swamp for Alt- 
.) On 

that piece of pattern chayney there, lying below. Or where is it? 
below.

it! Aimihi! With that turbary water who could see? So near and 
mihi! 

say? In kingdome gone or power to come or gloria be to them 
 glori

farther? Allalivial, allalluvial! Some here, more no more, more 
 Some 

pool takes number nine in yangsee's hats. And one of Biddy's 
 takes

times, ufer and ufer, respund to spond.^ You deed, you deed! I 
ufer, 

himself! Yonne there! Isset that? On Fallareen Common? You're 
t? On 

your washing proper! It's well I know your sort of slop. Flap! 
r sort

and their turkiss indienne mauves. But at milkidmass who was 
indien

times and happy returns. The seim anew. Ordovico or viricordo. 
turns.

Anna :was, Livia is,^ Plurabelle's to be. Northmen's thing made 
abelle

ing bats, fieldmice bawk talk. Ho! Are you not gone ahome.'* 
bats, 

What Thom Malone.^ Can't hear with bawk of bats, all thim liffey- 
bats, 

notice in Feenichts Playhouse. (Bar and conveniences always 
otice 

perfumance. Somndoze massinees. By arraignment, childream's 
nees. 

Findrias, Murias, Gorias and Falias, Messoirs the Coarbs, Clive 
rias, 
rias, 

SoUis, Galorius Kettle, Pobiedo Lancey and Pierre Dusort, 
 Lance
 Pierr

crowdblast in cellelleneteutoslavzendlatinsoundscript. In four 
 celle

into disgrace court by 
 disgr

chuting rudskin gunerally or something, until they adumbrace a 
ng, un

ANN (Miss Corrie Corriendo, Grischun scoula, bring the babes, 
endo, 
oula, 
abes, 

Pieder, Poder and Turtey, she mistributes mandamus monies, 
ndamus

semblance of the substance for the membrance of the umbrance 
 membr

with the remnance of the emblence reveiling a quemdam super- 
with

tive locomotive civics, each inn quest of outings, who are still ^ / sa^- 
comoti

scherinsheiner and spoilcurate, unconcerned in the mystery but 
te, un
e myst

under the inflounce of the milldieuw and butt of 

lors, under purdah of card palmer teaput tosspot Madam d'Elta, 
rs, un

With futurist onehorse balletbattle pictures and the Pageant 
ageant

of Past History worked up with animal variations amid ever- t-^^ 
y work

Promptings by Elanio Vitale. Longshots, upcloses, outblacks and i < I - ^ . ' 
hots, 

narrag. Creations tastefully designed by Madame Berthe Dela- 
Creati
Madame
Berthe

twentyfour ventholes by Morgen. Bosse and stringbag from 
. Boss

with as an exodus, we think it well to add, a chorale in canon, 
s, we 

prano, and Jean Souslevin, bass noble, respectively: O, Mester 
evin, 
s nobl

Sogermon, ef thes es whot ye deux, then I'm not surpleased ye 
deux, 

form). The whole thugogmagog, including the portions under- 
agog, 
ons un

neglecting to produce themselves, to be wound up for an after- 
 to pr

Peace, Pure, Perfect and Perpetual, Waking the Weary of the 
Pure, 

these, my corsets, is into overlusting fear. Acts of feet, hoof and 
sets, 

jarrety: athletes longfoot. Djowl, uphere! 
jarre

Aminxt that nombre of evelings, but how pierceful in their so- 
 nombr

the Mutther Masons could not that Glugg to catch her by the 

calour of her brideness! Not Rose, Sevilla nor Citronelle; not 
Rose, 

Esmeralde, Pervinca nor Indra; not Viola even nor all of them ^ .^yV ^^i-*^ 
alde, 
ndra; 

dumm but ill s'arrested. Et would proffer to his delected one the 
'arres
d. Et 

But what is that which is one going to prehend.'^ Seeks, buzzling 
 to pr

fould the fourd; they found the hurtled stones; they fell ill with the 
ourd; 

his skoll missed her. Misty's trompe or midst his flooting.^ Ah, 
 tromp

wear as they are all showen drawens up. Tireton, cacheton, tire- 
, cach

ton, ba! Doth that not satisfy youth, sir.'^ Quanty purty bellas, 
ton, 

Madama, do say.^ Cinderynelly angled her slipper; it was cho 
pper; 

so forth. Jerry for jauntings. Alabye! Fled. 
r jaun

brimfall. The bowknots, the showlots, they wilted into woeblots. 
nots, 
lots, 

celles a touch tarnished wind no lovelinoise awound her swan's. 
celle

solde? Her beauman's gone of a cool. Be good enough to symper- 
r beau

see her now. Still we know how Day the Dyer works, in dims 
r work

to light. And they look so loovely, loovelit, noosed in a nuptious 
elit, 

is Boyblue with odalisque O while W waters the fleurettes of no- 
alisqu
urette

And then again doeslike. So. And miss Endles of Eons efter Dies 
ndles 

lady in waiting sips her sup from the paraffin can, Mrs Wildhare 
raffin

cradles, this bountiful actress leashes a harrier under her tongue, 
ier un

Winnie, Olive and Beatrice, Nelly and Ida, Amy and Rue. Here 
nnie, 

may's blossom, all the flowers of the ancelles' garden. 
ncelle

But vicereversing thereout from those palms of perfection to 
rfecti

virid with woad, what tornaments of complementary rages rocked 
lement

plaid all the oathword science of his visible disgrace. He was 
 disgr

orous chlamydophagian, imbretellated himself for any time un- 
ime un

Allwhile, moush missuies from mungy monsie, preying in 
monsie

his mind, son of Everallin, within himself, he swure. Macnoon 
llin, 

shirts and a wind, pagoda permettant, crookolevante, the bruce, 
permet
ettant

maxim, ban's for's book and Dodgesome Dora for hedgehung 
maxi

sheolmastress. And Unkel Silanse coach in diligence. Discon- 
 dilig

safe side of distance! Libera, nostalgia! Beate Laurentie O'Tuli, 
aurent

to the hibruws. From Cernilius slomtime prepositus of Toumaria 
nilius

to the clutch in Anteach. Salvo! Ladigs and jointuremen! No more 
uremen

plume/ Gout strap Fenlanns! And send Jarge for Mary Ink- 
plume

Maleesh! He would bare to un tired world of Leimunconon- 
ed wor
world 

yielding to no man in hymns ignorance, seeing how heartsilly 
ns ign

presidency of the suchess of sceaunonsceau, a hadtobe heldin, 
 sceau
ceau, 
ldin, 

thoroughly enjoyed by many so meny on block at Boyrut season 
enjoye

their trist in Parisise after tourments of tosend years, bread cast 
tourme
years,

out on waters, making goods at mutuurity, Mondamoiseau of 
damois
oiseau

Casanuova and Mademoisselle from Armentieres. Neblonovi's 
Mademo

fingon to foil the fluter, she could have all the g. s. M. she moo- 
uter, 

hooed after fore and rickwards to herslF, including science of 
 to he

sonorous silence, while he, being brung up on soul butter, have 
silenc
 butte

highly nutritius family histrionic, genitricksling with Avus and 
onic, 

vuncular process to Nurus and Noverca, those notorious nepotists, 
d Nove

circumpictified in their sobrine census, patriss all of them by the 
nsus, 

of vitricus, patruuts to a man, the archimade levirs of his ekonome 
icus, 

now stohong baroque. And oil paint use a pumme if yell trace 
baroqu

(gin a paddy? got a petty? gussies, gif it ope?), while itch ish 
sies, 

And cloitered for amourmeant in thy hoosome shede! 
r amou

freytherem, eagelly plumed, and wasbut gumboil owrithy prods 
 plume

he shall live for millions of years a life of billions of years, from 
years,

gnawthing unheardth! 
ing un

his breastplates for, forforget, forforgetting his birdsplace, it was 
orgett

his fit up to his aers, rolled his poligone eyes, snivelled from his 
 rolle

turnspite he. Under reign of old Roastin the Bowl Ratskillers, 
he. Un

grippe of his gripes. Seekeryseeks, why his biting he's head off? 
gripp

gang to preesses. With Dinny Finneen, me canty, ho! In the lost 
 to pr

of the gleamens. Sousymoust. For he would himself deal a treat- 
oust. 

waves, (call her venicey names! call her a stell!) a butterfly from 
 butte

Go daft noon, madden, mind the step. Please stoop O to please. 
lease 

mate ashore, so, so compleasely till I can get redressed, which 
 redre

Now a^run for his money! Now a dash to her dot! Old cocker, 
 to he

young crowy, sifadda, sosson. A bran new, speedhount, out- 

lepsy didando a tishy, in appreciable less time than it takes a 
 takes

glaciator to submerger an Atlangthis, was he again, agob, before 
n Atla

on a wall with his photure in the papers for cutting moutonlegs 
mouton

Angelinas, hide from light those hues that your sin beau may 
n beau

But leaving codhead's mitre and the heron's plumes sinistrant 
 plume

of utskut, urqurd, jamal, qum, yallah, yawash, yak! For he could 
, jama
al, qu

But, Sin Showpanza, could anybroddy which walked this world 
world 

behind him.^ Candidatus, viridosus, aurilucens, sinelab? Of all 
 Candi
osus, 

the green heroes everwore coton breiches, the whitemost, the 
 coton

buddhy time, inwreathed of his near cissies, a mickly dazzly eely 
sies, 

lusspillerindernees, they went peahenning a ripidarapidarpad 
nning 

no little dulsy nayer ever thinks about implying except to her 
 to he

ing wasteward, leaves to the soul of light its fading silence (allah- 
silenc

lah lahlah lah!), a turquewashed sky. Then: 
 turqu

it became about you will after desk jobduty becoming a bank mid- 
you wi

land mansioner we and I shall reside with our obeisant servants 
all re

among Burke's mobility at La Roseraie, Ailesbury Road. Red 
s mobi

timber trees in the nebohood. Oncaill's plot. Luccombe oaks, 
ncaill

water and wonder when they binocular us from their embrassured 
embras

after with his sticksword in a pink cushion. We think His Spark- 
s Spar

Hiphip champouree! And, jessies, push the pumkik round. Anne- 
sies, 

the platauplain of Grangegorman; and, though since then ster- 
Grange

their understamens is as open as he can posably she and is toume- 

of speech, a variety of perfume, a bridawl, seamist inso one) as 
fume, 

sives, round the world in fpriy^mails, bag, belt and balmybeam, 
world 

away, gab borab, when you will be after doing all your sight- 
you wi

tenderumstouchings in all Daneygaul, send us, your adorables, 
dorabl

certained ceremonially our names. Unclean you art not. Outcaste 
es. Un

defile. Untouchable is not the scarecrown is on you. You are 
le. Un

brought stinking members into the house of Amanti. Elleb Inam, 
i. Ell

all our haloease, we (to be slightly more femmiliar perhips than is 
e, we 
e femm

so want lotteries of ticklets posthastem (you appreciate?) so as to 
tterie

be very dainty, if an isaspell, and so as to be verily dandydainty, 

if an ishibilley, of and on, to and for, by and with, from you. 
and wi

the Angles. Brick, fauve, jonquil, sprig, fleet, nocturne, smiling 
 fauve

(what a word!) and bless the day, for whole hours too, yes, for 
 a wor

sold long syne as we shall be being in our created being of ours 
reated

promisus as at our requisted you will remain ignorant of all what 
you wi

years till the myriadth and first become! Bashfulness be tupped! 
year

dong bollets for the iris riflers, queemswellth of coocome in their 
rs, qu

effect that you are so fuld of pollen yourself. Teomeo! Daurdour! 

master of snakes, we can sloughchange in the nip of a napple 
s, we 

Vaniorum, Domne Vanias! 
orum, 

world is maidfree. Methanks. So much for His Meignysthy man! 
world 

while in those wherebus there wont bears way (mearing un- 5^ 
ing un

Yasha Yash. And you wonna make one of our micknick party. 
arty. 

and his whoozebecome woice. Ephthah! Cisamis! Examen of 
Examen

conscience scruples now he to the best of his memory schemado. 
onscie

had mudded his dome, peccat and pent fore, pree. Hymserf, 
serf, 

proforhim penance and come off entematural. He, selfsufficiencer, 
ncer, 

duthsthrows in his lavabad eyes, maketomake polentay rossum, 
ssum, 

(Good savours queen with the stem of swuith Aftreck! Fit for 
urs qu

mudder, chip of old Flinn the Flinter, twig of the hider that tanned 
e hide

with pruriest pollygameous inatentions, he having that pecuni- 
with

days because souffrant chronic from a plentitude of house torts. 
 souff

brisees, what naver saw his bedshead farrer and nuver met his 
sees, 

the Sea of Deceit, they bloodiblabstard shooters, three Drome- 

Madame Cooley-Couley, spawife to laird of manna, when first 
Madame

antient consort ruhm and bound her durant coverture so as she 
durant

the plague and nettleses milk from sickling the honeycoombe 

papal legate from the Vatucum, Monsaigneur Rabbinsohn Crucis, 
ucis, 

Luiz-Marios Josephs their loyal devouces to be offered up missas 
sephs 

chez where the log foyer's burning! Xv)V3>f jt>ur\^-^ 
 foyer

Sillume, see lo! Selene, sail 01 Amune! Ark!.^ Noh.^^! Nought 
lume, 

stay still in reedery. Quiet takes back her folded fields. Tranquille 
 takes
nquill

shleeps. Elenfant has siang his triump. Great is Eliphas Magis- 
 Magis

arcglow's seafire Siemens lure and wextward warnerforth's hooker- 
s lure

laid his horker to the ribber, save the giregargoh and dabardin 
iregar

Bong. Bangbong. Thunderation ! You took with the mulligrubs 
derati

you Marely quean of Scuts or but Chrestien the Last, (our duty 
 Chres

But heed! Our thirty minutes war's alull. All's quiet on the 
 thirt

denborgenthor. At Asa's arthre. In thundercloud periwig. With 
orgent

he work his jaw to give down the banks and hark from the tomb ! 
e work

enow and to hear to all the bubbles besaying: the coming man, the 
 to he

stirabout. A palashe for hirs, a saucy for hers and ladlelike spoons 
hirs, 

choice of her lives between Josephinus and Mario-Louis for who 
-Louis

Now for la belle ! Icy-la-Belle ! 
 belle

their Vico's road. Arranked in their array and flocking for the 

Postreintroducing Jeremy, the chastenot coulter, the flowing 
Postre

back, how, running awage with the use of reason (sics) and 
nning 

personality. He nobit smorfi and go poltri and let all the tondo 
 poltr

with most perfect stranger. 
ith mo

trompit trained upon jenny's and all that sort of thing which is 
tromp

tite, isingglass, jet, kipper, lucile, mimosa, nut, oysterette, prune, 
erette
rune, 

If you nude her in her prime, make sure you find her comple- 
rime, 

her unsatt speagle eye. Look sharp, she's signalling from among 
her un

Arise, Land-under- Wave ! Clap your lingua to your pallet, drop 
Aris
llet, 

your jowl with a jolt, tambourine until your breath slides, pet a 
 tambo

cry's not Cucullus. And his eyelids are painted. If my tutor here 
cullus

when he beetles backwards, ain't I fly.'* Pull the boughpee to see 
etles 

Shake hands through the thicketloch! Sweet swanwater! My 
Shak

be wicked this is as dainty a way as any. Underwoods spells bush- 

innermost. Look how they're browthered ! Six thirteens at Blanche 
 thirt

Valentine. Wink's the winning word. 
nning 

seth it. It vibroverberates upon the tegmen and prosplodes from 
t vibr

head and keep your other augur on her paypaypay. And you have 
and ke

They pretend to helf while they simply shauted at him sauce to 
 to he
ly sha

— Are you Swarthants that's hit on a shorn stile? 
tile? 

A fork of hazel o'er the field in vox the verveine virgins ode. 
 verve

If you cross this rood as you roamed the rand I'm blessed but 

Perdition stinks before us. 
rditio

as seed we sow. And their prunktqueen kilt her kirtles up and 
rtles 

For all of these have been thisworlders, time liquescing into state, 
thiswo

given a fammished devil, a young sourceress and (eternal con- 
give

waxen in his hands. Turning up and fingering over the most dan- 
st dan

toucher, in omnibus morihus et temporibus^ with man's mischief 
mnibus

long ramp of manchind*s parlements, the learned lackleaming, 
rlemen

— Feeling dank. 
ng dan

The bivitellines, Metellus and Ametallikos, her crown pretenders, 
itelli
Metell

obscindgemeinded biekerers, varying directly, uruseye each oxes- 
ed bie

bad times unless so richtly chosen's by (what though of riches 
 riche

on the spot, no mere waterstichystuff in a selfmade world that 
world 

you can't believe a word he's written in, not for pie, but one's 
 a wor

keep. Step keep. Step. Stop. Who is Fleur? Where is Ange? Or 
leur? 

street since time and races were and wise ants hoarded and saute- 
and wi

So help me symethew, sammarc, selluc and singin, I will stick to 
marc, 

event coming off beforehand even so you was to release me for 
lease 

never live could, the shifting about of the lassies, the tug of love 
sies, 

esquesque appearance unwithstandable as a general election in 
quesqu
andabl

But, vrayedevraye Blankdeblank, god of all machineries and 
t, vra

how accountibus for him, moreblue? 
how 

him against our seawall by Rurie, Thoath and Cleaver, those 
aver, 

Muhun, the Ipse dadden, product of the extremes giving quoti- 
 Ipse 

human chain extends, have done, do and will again as John, Poly- 
and wi

The mar of murmury mermers to the mind's ear, uncharted 
ar, un

Hocus Crocus, Esquilocus, Finnfinn the Faineant, how feel full 
ocus, 
ocus, 
ineant

will remember, the chances are, you won't; bit it's old Joe, the 

rently meeting em, par Mahun Mesme, in cycloannalism, from 
esme, 

in various poses of sepulture. Greets Godd, Groceries! Merodach! 
pultur
ries! 

herblord the gillyflowrets so fain fan to flatter about. Artho is the 
 flatt

name is on the hero, Capellisato, shoehanded slaughterer of the 
terer 

Attach him! Hold! 
Attach

when his depth charge bombed our barrel spillway were to — ! 

wing of Moykill cover him! The Bulljon Bossbrute quarantee 
ute qu

him! Calavera, caution! Slaves to Virtue, save his Veri totem! 
vera, 
rtue, 

our blooding worold! While Pliny the Younger writes to Pliny 
e Plin

the Elder his calamolumen of contumellas, what Aulus Gellius 
 Aulus

For the producer (Mr John Baptister Vickar) caused a deep 
n Bapt
ptiste

and spanning thirtyseven inchettes round the good companions, 
nning 
 thirt
chette

twentynine ditties round the wishful waistress, thirtyseven alsos 
 thirt

each of the quis separabits, fourteen round the beginning of hap- 
nning 

ram of all harns, Bier, Wijn, Spirituosen for consumption on the 
piritu

premises, advokaat withouten pleaders, Mas marrit. Pas poulit, 
ulit, 

barkes ! And cease your fumings, kindalled bushies ! And sherri- 
cease 

with jaggery-yo to juju-jaw, Fine's French phrases from the 

Grandmere des Grammaires and bothered parsenaps from the 
 Gramm

Four Massores, Mattatias, Marusias, Lucanias, Jokinias, and what 
tias, 
nias, 
nias, 

happened to our eleven in thirtytwo antepostdating the Valgur 
 thirt

and whatfor paddybird notplease rancoon and why was Sindat 
lease 

its denier crid of old provaunce, where G.P.O. is zentrum and 
denier
unce, 

That little cloud, a nibulissa, still hangs isky. Singabed sulks 
issa, 

Thick head and thin butter or after you with me. Caspi, but 
 butte
you wi

While, running about their ways, going and coming, now at 
nning 

world with that gape in your stocking!) Wold Forrester Farley 
world 

ryzooysphalnabortansporthaokansakroidverjkapakkapuk. 
anspor

gttrdmmrng. HUs vlls. The timid hearts of words all exeomno- 
of wor

sunt. Mannagad, lammalelouh, how do that come? By Dad, youd 
 Manna

not heed that fert? Fulgitudes ejist rowdownan tonuout. Quoq! 
ut. Qu

I hear, O Ismael, how they laud is only as my loud is one. If 
Ismael

have lien amung your posspots my excellency is over Ismael. 
Ismael

Great is him whom is over Ismael and he shall mekanek of Mak 
Ismael

have terrerumbled from fimament unto fundament and from 
ent un

the mind to light and err not in the darkness which is the after- 

disgrace, 
disgr

IMAGINABLE 
MAGINA

trumpeted by prawns and ensigned with sea- 
ensign

olymp and delighted in her dianaphous and 
olymp

fictional, tumulous under his chthonic exterior 
ous un

Ainsoph,^ this upright one, with that 
Ains

^ Kellywick, Longfellow's Lodgings, House of Comments III, Cake "Walk, 
 Comme
 III, 

haste! Approach to lead our passage! 
roach 

houraised! So let Bacchus e'en call! Inn inn! 
acchus

Raffle, 
ffle, 

* Apis amat aram. Luna legit librum. Pulla petit pascua. 
a peti

harangued bellyhooting fishdrunks on their 
harang

favorite stamping ground, from a father theo- 
favor

balder brake. ^ And Egyptus, the incenstrobed. 
ptus, 

Mars speaking. as Cyrus heard of him.^ And Major A. Shaw 
 Cyrus

expanding universe under one, there is rhyme- 
ing un

^ Huntler and Pumar's animal alphabites, the first in the world from 
world 

2 We dont hear the booming cursowarries, we wont fear the fletches of 
s, we 

In these places sojournemus, where Eblinn 
emus, 

breezes woo with freshets, windeth to her 
 to he

buona the vista, by Santa Rosa! A field of May, 
ista, 

SATION OF 
SATION

SATION OF 
SATION

tight spirit: the wren his nest is niedelig as the 
t spir

chaplet gardens, an litlee plads af liefest pose, 
dens, 

Angoisse. All out of two barreny old perishers, 
ngoiss

bridge to lease lapse, only two millium two 
lease 

latch with novices nig and nag. The chorus: 
orus: 

teenth baronet, meet, altrettanth bancorot, 
ettant

chaff) and ere commence commencement cata- 
enceme

frondeur to thickly thyself attach with thine 
ondeur

etica, the maymeaminning of maimoomeining ! 
nning 

Belisha beacon, beckon bright! Usherette, 
erette

unmesh us ! That grene ray of earong it waves 

time on the domisole,^ with a blewy blow and 
misole

Una Unica, charmers, who, under the branches 
ho, un

the maybe mantles the meiblume or ever her 
ntles 

2 Mannequins' Pose. 
annequ

many's the time but I thinks more of my pottles and ketts. 
and ke

minions' novence charily being cupid, for 
ovence

third person, mascarine, phelinine or nuder, 
mascar

person speaking to her second which is the 
 to he

at. Take the dative with his oblative^ for, even 
dative

COLLECTIVE 

TRADITION 
DITION

but you must have the proper sort of accident 
r sort

Boreas and glib Ganymede like zealous Zeus, 
Zeus, 

Satis thy quest on. Werbungsap ! Jeg suis, vos 
suis, 

how it pashes the plutous and the paupe.* 
how 

worse living? 

your lebbens- 

is who lumpsum pays. Quantity counts though 
ys. Qu

choose from so many, be he a sollicitor's 
 solli

tions. Atac first, queckqueck quicks after. 
st, qu

lies liaison to tease oreilles ! To vert embowed 
 oreil

set proper penchant. But learn from that ancient 
 pench
learn 

on youthlit^s bike and multiplease your Mike 
lease 

ya, ya, in their memoiries of Hireling's puny 
moirie

COURAGE, 

and that's what's wrong with Lang Wang Wurm, old worbbling goesbelly. 
esbell

da, da, of Sire Jeallyous Seizer, that gamely 
izer, 

may fail to see the lie of that layout, Suetonia,^ 
may 

so long as beauty life is body love^ and so bright 
s beau

Heremon, nolens volens^ brood our pansies, 
sies, 

brune in brume. There's a split in the infinitive 
 brume

to chatters. Hail, Heva, we hear! This is the 
chatte

ORDINATION 
INATIO

appliques, would whollymost applissiate a nice shiny sleekysilk out of that 
ppliqu

aimed. Pappapassos, Mammamanet, warwhets- 
anet, 

and naval actiums, picked engagements and 
iums, 

banks of rowers. Please stop if you're a 
lease 

B.C. minding missy, please do. But should 
lease 

you prefer A.D. stepplease. And if you miss 
prefer

But, holy Janus, I was forgetting the Blitzen- 
orgett

kopfs! Here, Hengegst and Horsesauce, take 
auce, 

same Messherrn the grinning statesmen. Brock 
nning 

SENTATION 
TATION

how we enjoyed 
enjoye

the hasketfild. 

peace 1^ Live, league of lex, nex and the mores! 
Live, 

simpled and wimpled. A peak in a poke and a 
and wi

reproaches Paulus, on the Madderhorn and, 
Paulus

in Saint Barmabrac's.^ Number Thirty two 
hirty 

all in the tocoming of the sempereternal speel 
semper

spry with it!) datetree doloriferous which 
 dolor

and hijo de puta, the sparksown fermament of 
puta, 

vaunty years Dagobert is in Clane's clean 
Dagobe

^ All the world loves a big gleaming jelly. 
world 

telluspeep. 
tellus

world burrowing on another, (if youVe got 
world 

sagon hero, or any otther macotther, signs is 
, sign

on the bellyguds bastille back, bucked up with 
astill

fullness, and silvering to her jubilee,^ birch- 
 to he

crankly hat, what a world's woe is each's 
 a wor

Some is out for 
Some 

Hiccupper to hem or her to Hagaba? Ough, 
 to he

to sate with Becchus. Zumbock! Achevre! 
chevre

or opals Eldorado, the daindy dish, the leaking 
s Eldo

with hoodie hearsemen carrawain we keep 
rsemen

THE DUNG- 

THE INFRA- 

gobleege. For as Anna was at the beginning 
nning 

lives yet and will return after great deap sleap 
and wi

tell Bappy returns. And Sein annews. We will 
turns.

order's coming, but in the herbest country and 
countr

in the country around Blath as in that city self 
countr

tiality, the pink of punk perfection as photo- 
rfecti

graphy in mud. Some may seek to dodge the 
 Some 

^ The stanidsglass effect, you could sugerly swear buttermilt would not 
 butte

flatten a wall. 
flatt

wants to cheat the choker's got to learn to 
learn 

fronds is a spellbinder that lets to hear.^ The 
 to he

world's on wish to be carrying a letters. A let- 
wish t

you're done push the chain. 

' Strutting as proud as a great turquin weggin that cuckhold on his Eddems 
 turqu

teacher's erringnesses in perfection class. You sh'undn't write you can't if you 
rfecti

and verve to vie, with love ay loved have I on my back spine and does for 
 verve

on, (here he inst, my lifstack, a newfolly likon) when I slip through my pettigo 
inst, 

nay of my day. Wait till spring has sprung in spickness and prigs beg in to pry 
 to pr

Isabella I'm on knows the ruelles of the rut and she don't fear andy mandy. So 
ruelle

is stronger than fortuitous fiction and it's the surplice money, oh my young 
ortuit

ming, in otherwards, who she supposed adeal, 
therwa

lifetrees leaves whose silence hitherto has 
silenc

Aujourd'hui comme aux temps de Pline et de 
Aujo
jourd'
e Plin

Columelle la jacinthe se plait dans les Gaules, 
umelle
it dan

la pervenche en Illyrie, la marguerite sur les 
yrie, 

mines de Numance^ et pendant quautour d'elles 
autour
 d'ell

les villes ont changi de maitres et de noms, que 
noms, 

plusieurs sont entrees dans le neanty que les 
lusieu
 neant

civilisations se sont choquees et brisees^ leurs 
 choqu

arrivees jusqua nous, fraiches et riantes comme 
 jusqu

aux jours des batailles,^ 
 batai

the air and mixing with the ruck. Enten eller, 
 Enten
n elle

EXCLAMATION. 
MATION

but with pep for his perdition,^ lo, the ^he mind factory, 
rditio

with. First, by observation, there came boko 
rvatio

null four lovedroyd curdinals, his element cur- 
lement

Non plus ulstra, 
n plus

pew zipher. Ace, deuce, tricks, quarts, quims. 
ts, qu

mine articles with no reminder for an equality 
equali

the rude rule of fumb. What signifieth whole 
t sign

agnomes, yees and zees for incognits, bate 
incogn

2 Gamester Damester in the road to Rouen he grows more like his deed 
 Rouen

been worked by 
n work

Fearmanagh has a septain inclinaison^ and the 
naison

zeroic couplet, palls pell inhis heventh glike 
plet, 

extructed, taking anan illitterettes,ififif at a tom. 
erette

Answers, (for teasers only).^ Ten, twent, thirt, 
 thirt

beugled to be the contonuation through 
beugl
nuatio

mantic turquo-indaco of pictorial shine by 
 turqu

* Braham Baruch he married his cook to Massach McKraw her uncle-in- 
her un

Jomdenombres/ 
enombr

to be comprendered. Inexcessible as thy by 
xcessi

^ Barneycorrall, a precedent for the prodection of curiosity from children. 
curios

* Look at your mad father on his boneshaker fraywhaling round Myriom 
nd Myr

BEFORE APO- 
BEFO

THE LUSTRAL 

PRINCIPIUM. 
PRINC

P.t.l.O.a.t.O. HEPTAGRAMMATON. 
GRAMMA

knows better, by nettus, nor anymeade or 
ttus, 

persan, comic cuts and series exerxeses always 
xerxes

hucksler, Wellington's Iron Bridge, and so, by 
sler, 

Oc, tell it to oui, do, Sem! Well, 'tis oil thusly. 
 oui, 

OF THEIR 

2 The trouveller. 
uvelle

the virtuoser prays, olorum! What the D.V. 

(for — husk, hisk, a spirit spires — Dolph, dean of idlers, meager 
t spir

venite, preterm,^ sine mora dumque de entibus nascituris decentius in 
umque 
entibu

lingua romana mortuorum parva chartula liviana ostenditur, seden- 
itur, 

auspiciis secundis tantae consurgent humanae stirpes, antiquissimam 
rpes, 

sapientiam: totum tute fluvii modo mundo fluere, eadem quae ex 
uere, 
dem qu

aggere fututa fuere iterum inter alveum fore futura, quodlihet sese 
tura, 

ipsum per aliudpiam agnoscere contrarium, omnem demun amnem 
ntrari

ripis rivalibus amplecti^ — recurrently often, when him moved he 
alibus

which pupal souaves the pizdrool was pulled up, bred and bat- 
whic

tered, for a dillon a dollar,^ chanching letters for them vice oVerse 
dillon

spite of all the bloot, all the braim, all the brawn, all the brile, that 
rile, 

2 Who brought us into the yellow world ! 
world 

^ They were plumped and plumed and jerried and citizens and racers, and 
 plume

erring under Ryan. 
ing un

the Swanny, innovated by him, the prence di Propagandi, the 
nnovat
andi, 

(o.p.) to steeplechange back once from their ophis workship and 
s work

Pales time ere beam slewed cable^ or Derzherr, live wire, fired 
Pales

cummal, having listed curefully to the interlocking and the under- 
terloc

Bill Hayses's and Ellishly Haught's, hoc, they (t.a.W.), sick 
 hoc, 

out another ostrovgods word eitherways, in their own lineal 
therwa

world to say to blessed by Pointer the Grace's his privates judges 
world 

ments^ whenso to put it, disparito, duspurudo, desterrado, des- 
dispar

laid her batsleeve for him two trueveres tell love (on the Ides of 
e (on 

daughter, with the Comes Tichiami, of Prima Vista, Abroad, 
ista, 

2 They just spirits a body away. 
t spir

world trysting, that was the belle of La Chapelle, shapely Liselle^ 
world 
 belle
apelle

matters, — but, seigneur I she could never have forefelt, as she yet 
 seign

iselands, O alorsl, to mount miss (the wooeds of Fogloot!) under 
 alors

par jure^ il you plait, nuncandtunc and for simper, and other duel 
lait, 

(for 'twas he was the born suborner, man) on behalf of an oldest 
 subor

* Why have these puerile blonds those large flexible ears.'' 
 flexi

^ Pomeroy Roche of Portobello, or the Wreck of the Ragamuffin. 
 Roche

peartree, (she sail eurn bitter bed by thirt sweet of her face!), and 
 thirt

there if the torso was gone) where he did and when he did, re- 

covered, mm de Lieu ! on lapse or street ondown, through, for or 
e Lieu

lilying earling;^ and to try to analyse that ambo's pair of brace- 
nalyse

micher's bearded but insensible virility and its gaulish mous- 
irilit

Mester Bootenfly, here's me and Myrtle is twinkling to know. 
nd Myr

^ To show they caught preferment. 
prefer

dices, it agins to pear like it, par my fay, and there is no use for your 
 fay, 

he is piu la gonna e mobile and . * . they wonet do ut; and, an you 
e mobi

the march of a landsmaul,^ in half a sylb, helf a solb, holf a salb on- 

whisth to you sternly how — Plutonic loveliaks twinnt Platonic 
Platon

meliamurphies, in the lazily eye of his lapis, 
hies, 

like L is for liv. Aha hahah. Ante Ann you're 
 liv. 

Lo, lo, lives love! Eve takes fall. La, la, laugh 
 takes
, la, 

the lost, Loulou! Tis perfect. Now (lens 
 Loulo

^ Draumcondra's Dreamcountry where the betterlies blow. 
countr

actuary entducked one! Quok! Why, you 
ne! Qu

in the boudeville song, Gorotsky Gollovars 
devill

mystery repeats itself todate as our callback 
myst

give me the Sundaclouths she hung up for 
ouths 

morrowy ! Straorbinaire ! Bene! I bring town 
inaire

metely in their suite poi and poi, dunloop 
 poi, 

Fundemaintalish 
demain

monsterbilker, balked his bawd of parodies. 
parodi

^ Parsee ffrench for the upholdsterer would be delightered. 
terer 

napex will have to beandbe. You must proach 
roach 

Afrantic, allaph quaran's his bett und bier!^ 
nd bie

You see her it. Which it whom you see it is 
You 

see some raffant scrumala riffa. Quicks herit 
affant

fossyending. Quef ! So post that to your pape 
foss

pennant, mate. Fve read your tune's dimissage. 
ennant
issage

magnetude or again let it be granted that Doll 
grante

the laziest can be dissimulant with all respects 
all re

of themselves.^ Which is unpassible. Quarrel- 
le. Qu

minus, comes to nullum in the endth:- orso, 
orso, 

that eternal Rome) shrinks from schurtiness 

Aphrodite, 
dite, 

a superpbosition! Quoint a quincidence! O.K. 
on! Qu

Omnius Kollidimus, As Ollover Krumwall 
imus, 

ing refluction below. Her trunk's not her brain- 
below.

slang with the tsifengtse. So analytical plaus- 
nalyti

Primanouriture 
riture

you will, one of these invernal days but you 
you wi

will be, carrotty!^ 

Spanish, escribibis^ all your mycoscoups) wont 
oups) 

with his sinister cyclopes after trigamies and 
cyclop

ton selves and godolphing in fairlove to see 
odolph

a gouvernament job. All moanday, tearsday, 
 gouve

the fear of the Law. Look at this twitches! 

* A nastilow disigraible game. 
low di

pissing on your bunificence. Well wiggy- 
ficenc

dear Picuchet. Blott. 
cuchet

your saton hat, me elementator joyclid, son of 
lement

furking calamum in his bolsillos, the onelike 
llos, 

cultads, the aboleshqvick, signing away in 
, sign

I too and without the scrope of a pen. Ohr for 
and wi

Jones-Orbison.'^) intrieatedly in years, jirry- 
years,

alimpaloop. And i Romain, hup u bn gd grl.^ 
Romain

2 Lifp year fends you all and moe, fouvenirs foft as fummer fnow, fweet 
uvenir

the Fire Serpen- 

fontanellay inter- 
tanell

show me how. Fourth power to her illpogue! 
 to he

like it done for a manny another unpious of 
her un

^ When the dander rattles how the peacocks prance ! 
he dan

as from here to tomorrow. And to hell with 
 to he

them driftbombs and bottom trailers! If my 

By Saxon Chromaticus, you done that lovely 
icus, 

fure, her dream of Endsland's daylast and the 
fure, 

glorifires of being presainted maid to majesty.^ 
glori

Virginia's air of achievement. That might 
Virg

it knot but what you that are my popular end- 
y popu

to all remembrance. Vale. Ovocation of maid- 
all re

^ Giglamps, Soapy Geyser, The Smell and Gory M Gusty. 
yser, 

Impostolopulos?^ Steady steady steady steady 
Impos

the Indulgence of Portiuncula, The Dublin 
cula, 

Alcibiades. you Approve of our Existing Parliamentary 
 Exist

Ovid, 
Ovid

Domitian, Edipus, 
ipus, 

Socrates. 
Socr
ocrate

^ The divvy wants that babbling brook. Dear Auntie Emma Emma Eates. 
e Emma

Horace, Isaac, 
Horac

Diogenes, 
Diogen

mela, Abraham, 
aham, 

natus, Leonidas, 
onidas

Jacob, 
acob, 

Fabius, Samson, 
Fabiu
bius, 

I Lot, Pompeius Magnus, 
, Pomp
ompeiu
gnus, 

Solon, 
Solon

Castor, Pollux, 
llux, 

Dionysius, 
Dionys
nysius

Catilina, 
Catili
lina, 

Vitellius, Darius. 
Vitell
Darius

and the Orthodox Churches,' The Thirty 
hirty 

Hour Week, Compare the Fistic Styles of 
 Style

Understand the Deaf, Should Ladies learn 
learn 

^ Eh, Monsieur? Ou, Monsieur? Eu, Monsieur? Nenni No, Monsieur! 
? Nenn

* Ere we hit the hay, brothers, let's have that response to prayer! 
 to pr

Xenophon, 
nophon

Periodicity, 
eriodi

the factual by the 

Delays are Dangerous. Vitavite! Gobble 
 Dange

OF THE 

That the fright of his light in tribalbalbutience hides aback in 
balbut
e hide

or never in Etheria Deserta, as in Grander Suburbia, with Finn- 
rbia, 

as mysterbolder, forced in their waste, and as for Ibdullin what of 
s myst

as tomorrow afternoon and in appearance up to the minute, (hear- 
nute, 

capable of capturing skybuddies^ harbour craft emittences, key 
ttence

down in an eliminium sounds pound so as to serve him up a mele- 
down

caused to be worked from a magazine battery (called the Mimmim 
caus
e work

circumcentric megacycles, ranging from the antidulibnium onto 
cycles

an auricular forfickle (known as the Vakingfar sleeper, mono- 
uricul

the path of the sweeper of the threshold), O ! 
 thres

from the damp earth and honour thee. O Connibell, with mouth 
ith mo

numpa one sellafella^ fake an capstan make and shoot ! Manning to -^^^^w 
nning 

Rivor Tanneiry and down the Golfe Desombres. Farety days and 
 Golfe

customed spirits, the Gill gob, the Burklley bump, the Wallisey 
rits, 

jewr of a chrestend, respecting the otherdogs churchees, so long 
tend, 

^-^e. sure ads of all quorum. Lorimers and leathersellers, skinners and 
rselle

Innholder, upholder. 
lder. 

sort of coyne in livery, pushed their whisper in his hairing, 
sort

(seemed, a some shipshep's sottovoxed stalement, a dearagadye, 
taleme

make glories. It is minely well mint. 
make
 glori

— Propellopalombarouter, based two. 
uter, 

world. Paradoxmutose caring, but here in a present booth of Balla- 

sissed they who were onetime ungkerls themselves, (when the 
ime un

came up with them and, check me joule, shot the three tailors, 
oule, 

butting back to Moyle herring, bump as beam and buttend, roller i' ^^Ta iji^ 
 butte
tend, 
 rolle

and reiter, after the diluv's own deluge, the seasant samped as 
luge, 

front to back. Then paraseuls round, quite taken atack, sclaiming, 
nd, qu

— Good marrams, sagd he, freshwatties and boasterdes all, as 
erdes 

for Publin, so was his horenpipe lug in the lee off their mouths 
ouths 

— Skibbereen has common inn, by pounautique, with poke- 
autiqu

to provide his bum end. The foe things your niggerhead needs 
to pr

soused methought out of the mackerel. Eldsfells! sayd he. A 
 metho

the now waging cappon, with a warry posthumour's expiation, 
piatio

gave the ekspedient for Hombreyhambrey wilcomer what's the 
hambre

a disk of osturs for the swanker! Allahballah! He was the care- 
disk o

cious memory and that proud grace to her, in gait a movely water, 
 to he

enthroproise call homovirtue, duinnafear! The ghem's to the 
nthrop
rtue, 

free yoke stilling his wandercursus, jilt the spin of a curl and jolt 
rsus, 

the broadth of a buoy. The Annexandreian captive conquest. 
exandr

Ethna Prettyplume, Hooghly Spaight. Him her first lap, her his 
lume, 

polis, my youthrib city. Be ye then my protectors unto Mussa- 
ors un

wefting stinks from Alpyssinia, wooving nihilnulls from Memo- 
inia, 
 nihil

plumbing his liners, we were heretofore. 
s, we 

your girth fatter, apopo of his buckseaseilers, but where's Horace's 
 Horac

hamd till hem, tollerloon, sagd he, with his pudny bun brofkost 
 hem, 

furies outs trews his cammelskins, the flashlight of his ire wacker- 
furie

baken be the brazen sun, buttered be the snows. And the sea 
 butte

had, like the pervious oelkenner done, liquorally no more powers 
, liqu

f\V3^ jelks. Let be buttercup eve lit by night in the Phoenix! Music. 
 butte

And with the gust of a spring alice the fossickers and swaggelers 
e foss

Irish, dangieling his old Conan over his top gallant shouldier so 
h, dan

his hollaballoon a sample of the costume of the country). 
 holla
countr

Chorus: With his coate so graye. And his pounds that he 
orus: 

the first course, recoursing, all cholers and coughs with his beauw 
s beau

his pumps may ship awhoyle shandymound of the dussard), the 
ard), 

you was, Ship Alouset?) he sazd, the bloedaxe bloodooth baltxe- 

ing after maidens, belly jonah hunting the polly joans, and the 
dens, 

torily spoeking, gen and gang, dane and dare, like the dud spuk 
g, dan

wallruse, the merman, ye seal that lubs you lassers, Thallasee or 
ruse, 

Tullafilmagh, when come of uniform age. 
form a

— Sot! sod the tailors opsits from their gabbalots, change all 
 Sot! 
lots, 

Rowdiose wodhalooing. Theirs is one lessonless missage for 
issage

one fear. Ellers for the greeter glossary of code, callen hom: 
r. Ell

As our revelant Colunnfiller predicted in last mount's chattiry 
nfille

muster of veirying precipitation and haralded by faugh sicknells, 
pitati

same gorgers' kennel on its wage wealthwards and incursioned a 
e gorg

It will be a thousand's a won paddies. And soon to bet. On drums 
t. On 

Perjantaj, peleja. Lavantaj ja Sunnuntaj, christianismus kirjallisuus, 
tianis

kirjallisuus christianismus.) Whilesd this pellover his finnisch. 
tianis

staying in wait for you with the winning word put into his mouth 
you wi
nning 

triforium trifoliorum, sayd he, onconditionally, forfor furst of giel- 
orum, 

athems to which I osker your godhsbattaring, saelir, for as you 
elir, 

gott kvold whereafter a gooden diggin and with gooder enscure 
and wi

all religions overtrow so hworefore the thokkurs pokker the big- 
all re

you in on some crismion dottrin, here is the ninethest pork of a man 
trin, 

smukklers he would behave in juteyfrieze being forelooper to her) 
 to he

praties peel to our goodsend Brandonius, ^zAW of a Cara, spouse 
prati

seas sombren, that he daughts upon of anny livving plusquebelle, 
g plus
elle, 

ester yours and pleding for them to herself in the periglus glatsch 
 to he

shape of Mr Fortunatus Wright since winksome Miss Bulkeley 
natus 

made loe to her wrecker and he took her to be a rover, O, and 
 to he

twentynine to her dozen and coocoo him didulceydovely to his 
 to he

pram with her wattling way for cubblin and, be me fairy fay, sayd 
 fay, 

fonder, wiry eyes and winky hair, timkin abeat your Andraws 
and wi

tie up in hates and repeat at luxure, you can better your tooblue 
xure, 

and were he laid out on that counter there like a Slavocrates 
ocrate

that's to make plain Nanny Ni Sheeres a full Dinamarqueza, and 
amarqu

taylight is yet slipping under their pillow, (ill omens on Kitty 
ing un

enemy, be the help of me cope as so pluse the riches of the roed- 
nemy, 
 riche

mar here, Briganteen — General Sir A. I. Magnus, the flapper- 
gnus, 

daughter of Cormac. The soul of everyelsesbody rolled into its 
 rolle

olesoleself. A doublemonth's licence, lease on mirth, while hooney- 
lease 

dournailed clogs that Morty Manning left him and legged in by 
nning 

All Sorts' Jour. Freestouters and publicranks, hafts on glaives. 
glaive

You could hear them swearing threaties on the Cymylaya 
You 

spark had its several spurtles and each spitfire spurtle had some 
rtles 

ing ungoing, their seeming sames for though that liamstone 
ing un

mourning. But tellusit allasif wellasits end. And the lunger it 
tellus

takes the swooner they tumble two. He knows he's just thrilling 
takes

pied dewydress. Lludd hillmythey, we're brimming to hear! The 
 to he

chrost, ogsowearit, trisexnone, and by way of letting the aandt 
arit, 

gribes, whoopsabout a plabbaside of plobbicides, alamam alemon, 
ibes, 

thorpes, withes, tofts and fosses, fells, haughs and shaws, lunds, 
rpes, 

when capriole legs covets limbs of a crane and was it the twylyd 
priole

a landshop there was a little theogamyjig incidence that hoppy- 
andsho

darsey dobrey, back and along the danzing corridor, as she was 
he dan

stored, taken in giving the saloot, band your hands going in, bind 
tored,

your heads coming out, and remoltked to herselp in her serf's 
 to he

amnest plein language, from his fain a wan, his hot and tot lass, 
 plein

the hush lillabilla lullaby (lead us not into reformication with the 

or a parrotsprate's cure for ensevelised lethurgies, spick's my 
nsevel
gies, 

dowon his browen and that born appalled noodlum the panellite 
panell

she's tight. And thisens his speak quite hoarse. Dip. 
eak qu

In reverence to her midgetsy the lady of the comeallyous as 
 to he

Izd-la-Chapelle taste the lipe of the waters from Carlowman's Cup. 
apelle

leagues-in-amour or how Holispolis went to Parkland with 
-amour
and wi

fane and fell from grace so madlley for fill the flatter fellows. 
 flatt

Mathurin, they were calling, what a topheavy hat you're in! And '^^^/^^f 
athuri
urin, 

the corse and he want to mess on him (enterellbo add all taller 
terell

shove on. Fore auld they wauld to pree. 
 to pr

Publius Manlius, fuderal private, (his place is his poster, sure, they 
ublius

His almonence being alaterelly in dispensation with his three 
terell

you get a beautiful thought and cull them sylvias sub silence. 
a beau
silenc

Then inmaggin a stotterer. Suppoutre him to been one bigger- 
poutre

cred Artaxerxes Flavin to compeer with Barnabas Ulick Dunne. 
Artaxe
xerxes

TAFF (a smaTt hoy^ of the peat freers^ thirty two eleven^ looking 
 thirt

^^v^ to his hoisting of an emergency umber olum in hyway of paraguastical 
aragua

to he digarced from ever and a daye in his accounts^. But da. But 
to he

yurrupy puts up his furry furied hare). Butly bitly! Humme to our 
 furie

The saillils of the yellavs nocadont palignol urdlesh. Shelltoss 
 saill

side bum boss pageantfiller. Ajaculate! All lea light! Rassamble 
ageant
tfille
samble

hath razed out limpalove and the bleakfrost chilled our ravery! 
chille

thorny fed up the grain oils of Aerin, while his laugh neighs banck as 
erin, 

tAat flashermind' s rays and his Rpponease longuewedge wambles). 
longue

cant! Limbers affront of him, lumbers behund. While the bucks 
rs aff

the warning. Sobaiter sobarkar. He was enmiyallupped. Chro- 

full of blickblackblobs). Grozarktic! Toadlebens! Some garment- / 
 Some 

deep destroy! Say mangraphique, may say nay por daguerre! \ 
ngraph
aphiqu

cettera^ oukraydoubray). Scutterer of guld, he is retourious on 
terer 

out in rutene to impassible abjects beyond the mistomist towards 
e abje

aspoor to prink the pranks of primkissies. And the buddies be- 
 to pr

in the rut of the past through the widnows in effigies keening after the 
ffigie

hear and my sackend is meet to sedon while my whole's a peer's 

booche, gurg in the gorge, rap on the roof and your flup is unbu... 
e gorg

this wallowing olfact). Mortar martar tartar wartar! May his 

dare and ditches tare while the mews was combing ground, Hippo- 
, Hipp

diamonds asking GmaXy Knox and the Dmuggies (a pinnance for 
nnance

mering insamples! You see: a chiefsmith, semperal scandal 
semper

Mr Fry. Harass! Pardon the inquisition^ causas es quostas? It 
isitio

dustungwashed poltronage of the lost Gabbarnaur-Jaggarnath. 
 poltr

shinkly thinkly shaking in his schayns. Sat will be off follteedee. 
ly sha

flash, takes the dipperend direction and^ for tasing the tiomor of 
 takes

strangbones tomb. You had just been cerberating a camp camp 
berati

chooldrengs and micramacrees ! A forward movement, Miles na 
rengs 

erixtion on the soseptuple side of him made spoil apriori his popo- 
ixtion

nong, with his sabaothsopolettes, smooking his scandleloose at 
olette

of this cumulikick, strafe from the firetrench, studenly drobs led, sa- 
 cumul

skinful self tailtottom by manurevring in open ordure to renew- 
ordure

pogne, by the veereyed lights of the stormtrooping clouds and 
ogne, 

rum, as I love our Deer Dirouchy, I confesses withould pride- 
uchy, 

Burnias seduced country clowns^ he is preposing harangaparang 
countr
harang

thanks giveme and naperied norms nonobstaclant, there can be little 
 nonob

foerses of nature by your very ample solvent of referacting upon 
 refer

during this swishingsight teilweisioned. How the fictionable world 
world 

in Fruiian Creamtartery is loading off heavy furses and affubling 
affubl

making reholutions for the cunning New Yirls, never elding^ 
nning 

still begiddingj never to mate to lend^ never to ate selleries and 
 selle

your phumeraVs a roselixion.] 

of Eastchept and the dangling garters of Marrowbone and daring 
he dan

will and was be till the timelag is in it that's told in the Bok of 

Icantenue. And incommixtion. We was lowsome like till we'd 
ixtion

the feuer and^ while durblinly obasiant to the felicias of the skivis, 
ivis, 

still smolking his fulvurite turfkish in the rooking pressance of 
ssance

deny past and me disconnections with aplompervious futules 
 aplom

alma marthyrs. I dring to them, bycorn spirits fuselaiding, and 
n spir

greatly swooren, Theoccupant that Rueandredful, the thrown- 
eandre

khakireinettes, our miladies in their toileries, the twum plum- 
ilerie

free! Up Lancesters! Anathem! 
 Lance

the rib, die quean of oldbyrdes, Sinya Sonyavitches! Your 
die qu

world! In their ohosililesvienne biribarbebeway. Till they've 
vienne

Mind your pughs and keaoghs, if you piggots, marsh! Do the 
and ke

the charge of a light barricade. Down the photoslope in syncopanc 
 synco

rakes and splits them from a double focus: grenadite, damny- 
dite, 

mite, alextronite, nichilite: and the scanning firespot of the 
nning 

to notnoys speech above your dreadths, please to doughboys. Hll, 
lease 

he used be under ing her. He boundles alltogotter his manucupes 
ndles 

Qiereis cant came back saying he codant steal no lunger, yessis, 
ssis, 

in the places which the lepers inhabit in the place of the stones 
 inhab

old Pumpey 0* Dungaschifff There will be a hen collection of him 
schiff

BUTT (with a gisture expansive of Mr Lhugewhite Cadderpollard 
ansive

putred ! Be at the peme, prease, of not forgetting or mere betoken 
orgett

cossakes but I abjure of it. No more basquibezigues for this pole 
 basqu

with the poppyrossies, our Chorney Choplain, blued the air. 
sies, 

Sczlanthas! Banzaine! Bissbasses! S. Pivorandbowl. And we all 
nzaine

tuned in to hear the topmast noviality. Up the revels drown the 
 to he

meelisha's deelishas, pronouncing their very flank movemens 
 prono

soeurs assistershood off Lyndhurst Terrace, the puttih Misses 
soeu

Celana Dalems, and she in vinting her angurr can belle the troth 
 belle

on her alliance and I know His Heriness, my respeaktoble me- 
allian

and they would never as the aimees of servation let me down. 
rvatio

(ye olde cottemptable!), his urssian gemenal, in his scutt's rudes 
mptabl
enal, 

unreformed and he went before him in that nemcon enchelonce 
chelon

bristling^ as, jittinju triggity shittery pet, he shouts his thump and 
 pet, 

graves nor horne nor haunder, lou garou, for gayl geselles in 
arou, 

Trisseme, the mangoat! And the name of the Most Marsiful, 
isseme

civiles? And to the dirtiment of the curtailment of his all of man? 
civi

of the euphorious hagiohygiecynicism of his die and be diademmed). 
iecyni

do it, and bedattle I didaredonit as Cocksnark of Killtork can 
ork ca

arrow cockshock rockrogn. Sparro ! 
. Spar

too greater than pardon painfully the issue of his mouth diminuen- 
diminu

off like commodity tokens against a cococancancacacanotioim). 
commod

and apter were samuraised twimbs. They had their mutthering 
amurai

Amir or Ivan Slavansky Slavar. In alldconfusalem. As to whom the 
r Ivan

Beauty's bath she's bound to bind beholders and pride, his purge, 
Beau

doubtedly an overthrew of each and ilkermann of us, I persuade 
doubte

world to selve out thishis, whither it gives a primeum nobilees 
world 

for our notomise or naught, the farst wriggle from the ubivence, 
ivence

spills. And sicsecs to provim hurtig. Soup's on ! 
 to pr

so he eagerly seized upon, has scarsely been buttered in works of 
 butte
in wor

the widest circulation and a reputation coextensive with its merits 
 wides

of a timmersome townside upthecountrylifer, (Guard place the 
countr

Bismillafoulties. But the hasard you asks is justly ever behind his 
ismill
 hasar

fombly fongered freequuntly and, when my signet is on sign 
n sign

in oreillental longuardness with alternate night joys of a thousand 
 oreil

JalH) when I, if you wil excuse for me this informal leading down ^^di^-H^ 
you wi

dugouts in the behindscenes of our earthwork (what rovining 
dugou

From whose plultibust preaggravated, by baskatchairch theo- 
ravate

whichever won of you wins! The two Gemuas and Jane Agrah 
you wi

low outhired his taratoryism, the orenore under the self hide of his 
ore un

prussyattes or quazzyverzing he wassand no better than he would 

or all sallies, what we warn to hear, jeff", is the woods of chirpsies 
 to he

Attention! Stand at!! Ease!!! 
Atten

We are now diffusing among our lovers of this sequence (to 
s sequ

you! to you!) the dewfolded song of the naughtingels (Alys! 
 you!)

parque, swift sanctuary seeking, after Sunsink gang (Oiboe! 
parqu
rque, 

you Smirky Dainty and, more beethoken, you wheckfoolthe- 

the matter? Pschtt! Tabarins comes. To fell our fairest. O gui, O 
 faire

deflowret greendy grassies yellowhorse. Kematitis, cele our er- 
itis, 

dours! Did you aye, did you eye, did you everysee suchaway, 
 aye, 

the world? Dingoldell! The enormanous his, our littlest little! 
anous 

Mr Eustache! Ingean mingen has to hear. Whose joint is out of 
 to he

cius, onthy ovful ! O belessk mie, what a nerve ! How a mans in 
 mie, 

Some Poddy pitted in, will anny petty pullet out? Call Kitty 
Some 

folliagenous till there came the marrer of mirth and the jangthe- 
agenou

Yet had they laughtered, one on other, undo the end and enjoyed 
enjoye

Clandibblon clam cartel, then pulled out and came off and rally 
rtel, 

contracted out of islands empire, he might as coolly have rolled 
 rolle

generose as cocke, greediguss with garzelle, uprighter of age and 
ocke, 
elle, 

wood to bond. Like the bright lamps, Thamamahalla, yearin out 
alla, 

them newnesboys pearcin screaming off their armsworths. The 

whips, the wind ships, the wonderlost for world hips, unto their 
world 

foursquare trust prayed in aid its plumptylump piteousness 
oursqu

approach from inherdoff trisspass through minxmingled hair. 
roach 

Though I may have hawked it, said, and selled my how hot peas l^^^^-^^-^ 
 selle

I am ever incalpable, where release of prisonals properly is con- 
lease 

cerned, of unlifting upfallen girls wherein dangered from them 
in dan

their oh offs. Missaunderstaid. Meggy Guggy's giggag. The 

wish to flit beflore their kin ! Attonsure ! Ears to hears ! The skall 
wish t
 to he

park your ford in it) who has papertreated him into captivities 
reated

with his inside man by a hocksheat of starvision for an avrageto- 
with

perensempry sex of fun to help a dazzle off the othour. What for 
 to he

ney easy. They seeker for vannflaum all worldins merkins. V\\ 
 easy.

my first among my lost of lyrars beyond a jingoobangoist, to 
angois

for further oil mircles upon all herwayferer gods and reanounc- 
herway

homme to the manhor bourne till ladiest day as panthoposopher, 
homme

a lieberretter sebaiscopal of these mispeschyites of the first virgi- 
rrette
spesch

with gladyst tone ahquickyessed in it, overhowe and under- 
with

cheayat chilled (Oh sard! ah Mah!) by my tide impracing, as 
chille

vividence! Panto, boys, is on a looser inloss; ballet, girls, suppline 
a loos
loss; 
llet, 

me dare beautiful young soldier, winninger nor anyour of rudi- 
e beau

mental moskats, before you go to mats, you who have watched 
mats, 

up, by bitterstiff work or battonstaff play, with assault of turk 
f work

desire of Miriam is the despair of Marian as Joh Joseph's beauty 
s beau

he had behold the residuance of a delugion: the foggy doze still 
gion: 

going strong, the old thalassocrats of invinsible empores, maskers 
socrat

lighning leaps from the numbulous; where coold by cawld breide 
lous; 

uncomeoutable (an angel prophetethis.'^ kingcorrier of beheasts.^ . ^ 
outabl

bubbily vode's dodos across the which the boomomouths from 
ouths 

running up again. Guns. And it was written up in big capital. 
nning 

you were not to. Guns. 

woking around jerumsalemdo at small hours about the murketplots, 
lots, 

unselves up with one exite but not to never be caving nicely, pre- 

And, when in Zumschloss, to never, narks, cease till the finely 
cease 

hinterhand suppliesdemands. And be they gone to splane splica- 
sdeman

PQ, Poplar Park, Mr Q. P. Dieudonney, The View, Gazey PeerA 
. Dieu

Ferris-Fender, Fert Fort, Woovil Doon Botham ontowhom 
Fort, 

You were in the same boat of yourselves too, Getobodoff or 
You 

dovers, tillfellthey deadwar knootvindict. An whele time he was 
dict. 

ship! Bouououmce! Nomo clandoilskins cheakinlevers ! All 
nlever

stainks ! Porterfillyers and spirituous suncksters, oooom oooom ! 
piritu

about And these probenopubblicoes clamatising for an extinsion 
insion

You here nort farwellens rouster? Ashiffle ashuffle the wayve 
You 

Lelong Awaindhoo's a selverbourne enrouted to Rochelle 
 Roche

sing, par tunepiped road, under where, perked on hollowy hill, that 
nepipe

rindwards, had hircomed to the belles bows and been cutat- 
 belle

all pour forth. Sans butly Tuppeter Sowyer, the rouged engene- 
 Sans 

rand, a barttler of the beauyne, still our benjamin liefest, some- 
e beau
uyne, 

time franklin g to thise citye, whereas bigrented him a piers half 
rankli

ber, Blaize Taboutot, Jeremy Yopp, Francist de Loomis, Hardy 
utot, 

was looset for to wish the Wobbleton Whiteleg Welshers kailly- 
wish t

Last ye, lundsmin, hasty hosty! For an anondation of miri- 
smin, 

Wacht. Rantinroarin Batteries Dorans. And that whistling thief, 
tterie

O' Ryne O'Rann. With a catch of her cunning like and nowhere 
nning 

ing Rina Roner Reinette Ronayne. To what mine answer is a 
 Reine

sideration for the musickers he ought to have down it. Pass out 
derati

in your flesh. To tell how your mead of, mard, is made of. All old 
mard, 

Dadgerson's dodges one conning one's copying and that's what 
nning 

semidemicolons ! Screamer caps and invented gommas, quoites 
as, qu

luct ! Fewer to feud and rompant culotticism, a fugle for the glee- 
culott

reeling around your postoral lector! Epistlemadethemology for 
storal

in, boot ! Sell him a breach contact, the vendoror, the buylawyer ! 
oror, 

One hyde, sack, hie! Two stick hoist. Lucky! Finnish Make Goal! 
oist. 

lay you out dossier. Darby's in the yard, planning it on you, plot 
nning 

to lie. Enfilmung infirmity. On the because alleging to having a 
y. On 

you to sleep, scowpow! By jurors' cruces! Then old Hunphy- 

poors riches of ours hundreds of manhoods and womhoods. Two ^ ^yiiAJj<- 
 riche

haemicycles, gasping to giddies to dye for the shame. Just hold 
cycles

in the Tara Tribune, sporting the insides of a Rhutian Jhanaral ^"^^trS^^ 
 Tribu
bune, 

and little Mrs Ex-Skaerer-Sissers is bribing the halfpricers to pray ^^^^ 
 to pr

for her widower in his gravest embazzlement. You on her, hosy > * 
lement

of the women of the world together, moya! And the lovablest 
world 

heresies, this is wollan indulgencies, this is a flemsh.\Tik^ Scapu- 
sies, 

I f de la croixes and Rosairette's e_ggj,all the trimmings off the tree 
osaire

een's wednessmorn! Delphin dringing! Grusham undergang! 
 Delph

right, demnye! Aunt as unclish ams they make oom. ButNichtia 
 as un

down upon your birchentop again after them three blows from 
rchent

the jesj^n doors of the dreamadoory in the house of the house- 

give it up! Mawgraw! Head of a helo, chesth of champgnon, 
gnon, 

on your head. Nobody will know or heed you, Postumus, if you 
umus, 

you will show us this gallus day. Clean and easy, be the hooker !^ PGl. ® 
you wi

and ours. Fly your balloons, dannies and dennises! He's door- 
s, dan

And seen it rudden up in fusefiressence on the flashmurket. 
sefire

we're molting superstituettes out of his fulse thortin guts. Tried 
tuette

cous! Find his causcaus! From Motometusolum through Bulley 
uscaus

mock Gramm's laws! But we're a,drippindhrue^ayleague all at 
 Gramm

"ones'. In the buginning is the T^oid, in the muddle is the sound- 
nning 

speech obstruct hostery. Silence in thouglit! Spreac h ! Wear 
Silenc

anartful of outer, noceiise ! Pawpaw, wowow! Momerry twelfths, 
uter, 

Press stop. To press stop. AIL to press stop. And be the seem 
 to pr

talkin wharabahts hosetanzies, dat sure is siillibrated word ! Bing 
ed wor

quashed, aye, and wor to the winner! Think of Aerian's Wall and 
 aye, 
nner! 

ho, ho, ho, ah, he, he! Abedicate yoursglf. It just gegs our goad. 
ho, 
, ho, 
, ho, 

you, cock icy! You keep that ^enayearn and her fortycantle glim 

fear you will! The refergee's took to hailing to time the pass. 
you wi
 refer

thanksbetogiving day at Glenfinnisk-en-la-Valle, the anniver- 
lenfin

Roderick O'Conor, the paramount chief polemarch and last pre- 
onor, 

leggions, now of parts unknown, (God guard his generous 
now of

ftJ^i ■ better and worse until he went under the grass quilt on us, never- 
ent un

theless, the year the sugar was scarce, and we to lather and shave 
arce, 

the rest of the notmuchers that he did not care the royal spit out \m 

prestuberian poncho, the body you'd pity him, the way the world 
world 

delivered and all's set for resta rt after the silence, like his ancestors I 
silenc

that adornment of his album and folkenfather of familyans, he 
yans, 

came acrash a crupper sort of a sate on accomondation and the 
r sort

Nattenlaender. As who has come returns. Farvel, farerne 1 Good- 
turns.

their palms in their hands, like the pulchrum's proculs, spraining 
culs, 

dinkum belle, an oscar sister, on the fifteen inch loveseat, behind 
 belle

the chieftaness stewardesses cubin, the hero, of Gaelic champion, 
ubin, 
pion, 

to her then, with his sinister dexterity, light and rufthandling, 
to he

vicemversem her ragbags et assaucyetiams, fore and aft, on and 
gs et 

blue, with an overdress of net, tickled with goldies, Isolamisola, 
sola, 

world and how they used to be at that time in the vulgar ear 
world 

pogue, in the otherworld of the passing of the key of Two- 
world 

tongue Common, with Nush, the carrier of the word, and with 
and wi

bers, in the Queen's Ultonian colleges, along with another fellow, 
eges, 

ho! The ladies have mercias! It brought the dear prehistoric 
ehisto

beauty, and his Arrah-na-poghue, when she murmurously, after 
beau

she let a cough, gave her firm order, if he wouldn't please mind, 
lease 

lovely tint, embellished by the charms of art and very well con- 
tint, 

topers, with their mouths watering, all the four, the old connu- 
ouths 

in duckasaloppics, Luke and Johnny MacDougall and all wishen- 
pics, 

the millennium and all their mouths making water. 
ouths 

College, that arranges all the auctions of the valuable colleges, 
eges, 

and the barrancos and the cappunchers childerun, Jules, every- 
 Jules

Isles, at that time, suir knows, in the red sea and a lovely 
sles, 

Runtable's Reincorporated. The new world presses. Where the 
world 

tawonder Wehpen, luftcat revol, fairescapading in his natsirt. 
 faire

Marcus. And after that, not forgetting, there was the Flemish 
orgett

a lovely morning, after the universal flood, at about aleven thirty- 
 thirt

anabaptist, and Saint Kevin, the lacustrian, with toomuch of tolls 
anaba
evin, 

they remembored and then there was the Frankish floot of Noahs- 

Notre Dame 1132 P.P.O. or so, disumbunking from under 
Notre

traditional hat, alevoila come alevilla, and after that there he was, 
voila 

na-Poghue, so silvestrious, neer the Queen's Colleges, in 1132 
eges, 

then again they used to give the grandest gloriaspanquost univer- 
 glori

and nodding and sleeping away there, like forgetmenots, in her 
nots, 

bollas, in the four trinity colleges, for earnasyoulearning Erin- 
eges, 

rolled round. Those were the grandest gynecollege histories 
rolle

Round where she was seen by many and widely liked) for teach- 
and wi

absent and past an d pr esent and perfect arma virumque romano, ^^^Lj^ 
rumque

get gaze, gagagniagnian, to hear him there, kiddling and cuddling 
 to he

his troad of thirstuns, so nefarious, from his elevation of one 
tuns, 

sheen eyenbowls by the Cornelius Nepos, Mnepos. Anumque, 
epos, 
mque, 

cabbangers richestore, of the filest archives, and he couldn't stop 
 riche

they say, by their dear poor shehusbands, in dear byword days, 
yword 

year of buy in disgrace 1132 or 1169 or 1768 Y.W.C.A., at the 
 disgr

maasters, in chors, with a hing behangd them, because he was 
hors, 

any old methodist, and all divorced and innasense interdict, in 
 metho
dist, 
nterdi

morning proxy paper, a writing in request to hersute herself, on 
 to he

world and her husband, because it was most improper and most 
world 

dumb upon your Ire, as we say in the Spasms of Davies, and we 
vies, 

funning with his andrewmartins and his old age coming over 
nning 

attempt some hunnish familiarities, after eten a bad carmp in the 
iliari

rude ocean and, hevantonoze sure, he was dead seasickabed (it was 
hevant

them!) sitting there, the sole of the settlement, below ground, 
lement

ivyclad hood, and gripping an old pair of curling tongs, belong- 
 gripp

and alkolic; signs on the salt, and so now pass the loaf for Christ 
; sign

And still and all at that time of the dynast days of old konning 
nning 

the Noal Sharks and the muckstails turtles like an acoustic pot- 
rtles 

assisting grace, thinking (up) and not forgetting about shims and 
orgett

old Gallstonebelly, and there they were always counting and con- 
nebell

in the end, the deary, soldpowder and all, the beautfour sisters, 
e beau

don bellbox (come out to hell, you lousy louts!) so frightened, 
 to he

for the dthclangavore, like knockneeghs bumpsed by the fister- 
vore, 

come, with their oerkussens under their armsaxters, all puddled 
ens un

their gastspiels, crossing their sleep by the shocking silence, 
silenc

door, or leaning out of the chair, or kneeling under the sofa- 
ing un

cover and setting on the souptureen, getting into their way 
upture

brational bed or they used to slumper under, when hope was there 
per un

the rathure's evelopment in spirits of time in all fathom of space 
n spir

and cycling, and a dooing a doonloop, panementically, around 
anemen

side pranks of quality queens, katte efter kinne, for Earl Hooved- 
inne, 

whitened passionpanting pugnoplangent intuitions of reunited 
angent

and, hee hee, listening, qua committe, the poor old quakers, oben 
itte, 

lovely mourning toilet, for the rosecrumpler, the thrilldriver, the 
ilet, 

sighinspirer, with that olive throb in his nude neck, and, swayin 
irer, 

of maid everythingling again so very much more delightafellay, 
llay, 

and the perfidly suite of her, bootyfilly yours, under all their 
rs, un

familiarities, by preventing grace, forgetting to say their grace be- 
iliari
orgett

poghue for grace sake. Amen. And all, hee hee hee, quaking, so 
ee, qu

mayhap, when his flattering hend, at the justright moment, like 
 flatt

aragan throust, druve the massive of virilvigtoury flshpst the 
oust, 

pulHt into yourself, as on manowoman do another ! Candidately, 
 Candi

Irish prisscess, so and so hands high, such and such paddock 
Iris

weight, in her madapolam smock, nothing under her hat but 
ing un

that so tiresome old milkless a ram, with his tiresome duty 

peck and his bronchial tubes, the tiresome old hairyg orangogran 
ubes, 

beaver, in his tiresome old twennysixandsixpenny sheopards 
aver, 

plods drowsers and his thirtybobandninepenny tails plus toop! 
 thirt

gripped and (volatile volupty, how brieved are thy lunguings!) 
gripp

peributts (up one up four) to membore her beaufu mouldern 
peribu
r beau

owneirist, in forty lands. From Greg and Doug on poor Greg 

confederates, with Caxons the Coswarn, up the wet air register 
onfede

milky and boterham clots, a potion a peace, a piece aportion, a 
lots, 

more and by the world forgot, since the phlegmish hoopicough, 
world 

for all a possabled, after ete a bad cramp and johnny magories, and 
ssable

pandle of magnegnousioum, and read a letter or two every night, 
ousiou

And after that now in the future, please God, after nonpenal 
lease 

start, all repeating ourselves, in medios loquos, from where he got 
all re
s loqu
quos, 

et peregrinantibus, in all the old imperial and Fionnachan sea and 
antibu

Hear, O hear, Iseult la belle ! Tristan, sad hero, hear ! The Lambeg 
 belle

You wont need be lonesome ^ Liny love^ when your beau gets his 
r beau

Balbriggan surtout. 
 surto

tinted, wrinkling, ruddled. His kep is a gorsecone. He am Gascon 
 Gasco

Titubante of Tegmine - sub - Fagi whose fixtures are mobil- 
e mobi

hornhide! And hvis now is for you. Pensee! The most beautiful 
t beau

voult of my palace, with obscidian luppas, her aal in her dhove's 
ppas, 

where's please (and it was when you and they were we) I heard 
lease 

dozing I was dawdling, arrah, methought broadtone was heard and 
 metho

the dancetongues of the woodfires and the hummers in their 
he dan

the scotsmost public and climate, iron heels and sparable soles, and 
 clima

sky red and his invulnerable burlap whiskcoat and his popular 
 invul
s popu

and the most successfully carried gigot turnups now you ever, 
 gigot

key. Yet methought Shaun (holy messonger angels be uninter- 
 metho

your clubs in the hall and wait on yourself, no chucks for wal- 

round steak, very rare, Blong's best from Portarlington's Butchery, 
rare, 

gorger's bulby onion (Margareter, Margaretar Margarastican- 
gorg

saddlebag steak and a Botherhim with her old phoenix portar, 
x port

jistr to gwen his gwistel and praties sweet and Irish too and mock 
 prati

into the bargain, to his regret his soupay avic nightcap, vitellusit, 
tellus
usit, 

butter and butter. At the sign of Mesthress Vanhungrig. However! 
butte
 butte

Mind you, nuckling down to nourritures, were they menuly some 
 nourr
rritur

moment that he was guilbey of gulpable gluttony as regards chew- 
mome

good coup, goodcheap, were it thermidor oogst or fioreal may 
coup, 

while the whistling prairial roysters play, between gormandising 
 prair

the Irish, voise from afar (and cert no purer puer palestrine e'er 

the fact the rag was up and of the briefs and billpasses, a houseful 

hastehater of the first degree, the principot of Candia, no legs and 
 Candi

a title, for such eminence, or unpro promenade rather, to be much 
menade

more exact, as to be the bearer extraordinary of these postoomany 
xact, 

does be up to. Take this John's Lane in your toastingfourch. Shaun- 
fourch

has studied! Piscisvendolor! You're grace! Futs dronk ot 
ndolor

the time to. Saint Anthony Guide ! 
 Guide

Clump — and they were improving me and making me beliek no 
mprovi

hallando! Tilvido! Adie! 
ando! 
! Adie

— Forgive me, Shaun repeated from his liquid lipes, not what 
s liqu

1 wants to do a strike of work but it was condemned on me pre- 
of wor

said. Almost might I say of myself, while keeping out of crime, 
rime, 

you able to work. Ah, you might! Whimper and we shall. 

able to walk, being too soft for work proper, sixty odd eilish 
r work

from unnecessary servile work of reckless walking of all sorts for 
e work

woman you defend, never get quit of a friend on whom you 
fend, 

believe. Greedo 1 Her's me hongue ! 
hongue

servation, dear dogmestic Shaun, as we point out how you have 
rvatio

— O murder mere, how did you hear.'^ Shaun replied, smoil- 
mere, 

the foe. Like the regular redshank I am. Impregnable as the mule 
gnable

volumnitatis tuae. But do you mean, O phausdheen phewn, from 
olumni

Pontoffbellek till the Kisslemerched our ledan triz will be.'^ we 
 ledan

of his auricles. And another time please confine your glaring in- 
lease 

tinuations to some other mordant body. What on the physiog 
inuati

pease Pod pluse murthers of gout (when I am not prepared to say) 
d plus

stakkers for her begfirst party. Honour thy farmer and my lit- 
arty. 

to had upon their polite sophykussens in the real presence of de- 
e soph

of it, I might say, in ex-voto, pay and perks and wooden half- 
 ex-vo

I am noen roehorn or culkilt permit me to tell you, if uninformed), 
ninfor

portable enveloped, inhowmuch, you will now parably receive, 
you wi

barrels. Quick take um whiffat andrainit. Now! 
ls. Qu

ghhobixhatouxpeswchbechoscashlcarcarcaract) of the Ondt and 
caract

him), or, if not, he was always making ungraceful overtures to 
ing un
 ungra

Dehlia and Peonia, his druping nymphs, bewheedling him, com- 
onia, 

and with tambarins and cantoridettes soturning around his eggs- 
and wi

sciendum (what's what) can mute uns nought, 'a thought, 
ute un

Grouscious me and scarab my sahul! What a bagateller it is! 
bagate

Nefersenless, when he had safely looked up his ovipository, he 
iposit

he ware mouche mothst secred and muravyingly wisechairman- 
 mouch

corbicule, which a plight! O moy Bog, he contrited with melan- 
cule, 

and trestraversed their revermer? Was he come to hevre with his 
 to he

myriopoods, and a lugly whizzling tournedos, the Boraborayel- 
edos, 

a leetle beetle, his good smetterling of entymology asped niss- 
tymolo

motylucky if he will beheld not a world of differents. Behailed 
 a wor
world 

as intimate could pinchably be. Emmet and demmet and be jiltses 
e. Emm

with ptchjelasys and at his wittoFs indts, what have eyeforsight! 
with

The Ondt, that true and perfect host, a spiter aspinne, was 
inne, 

and tackling Bienie, faith, as well, and jucking Vespatilla jukely 
enie, 

with more devilry! The veripatetic imago of the impossible 
ith mo

A darkener of the threshold. Haru.'^ Orimis, capsizer of his ant- 
 thres
imis, 

And he sure Vespatilla fines fat ones to heat. 
 to he

A locus to loue, a term it tembarass. 
tembar

Of my tectucs takestock, tinktact, and ail's weal; 
 takes

of course, decent Lettrechaun, we knew (to change your name of 
 Lettr

the cinnamon quistoquill behind his acoustrolobe. I'm as after- 
oquill
strolo

at that for a ridingpin! I am, thing Sing Larynx, letter potent to 
rynx, 

clerical horrors et omnibus to be entered for the foreign as second- 
mnibus

on a single dimension what pronounced opinion I might possibly 
 prono

stayne!). With balsinbal bimbies swarming tiltop. Comme bien, 
 Comme
e bien

Comme bien! Feefeel! Feefeel! And the Dutches dyin loffin at 
Comme
e bien

Dangerous. Tax 9d. B.L. Guineys, esqueer. L.B. Not known at 
Dange
, esqu

dress. Sinned, Jetty Pierrse. Noon sick parson. 92 Windsewer. 
 Pierr

At sea. D.E.D. Place scent on. Clontalk. Father Jacob, Rice 
acob, 

Patersen's Matches. Unto his promisk hands. Blown up last 
es. Un

— Kind Shaun, we all requested, much as we hate to say it, 
all re

suggesting for an instant, millions of moods used up slanguage 
sugg

be so unfruitful to my own part as to swear for the moment posi- 

learn from Rooters and Havers through Gilligan's maypoles in 
learn 

a nice pathetic notice he, the pixillated doodler, is on his last with 
otice 

ought to be depraved of his libertins to be silenced, sackclothed 
silenc

premises where he can purge his contempt and dejeunerate into a 
dejeun

ro! I will describe you in a word. Thou. (I beg your pardon.) 
 a wor

unique hornbook and his prince of the apauper's pride, blunder- 

— May we petition you, Shaun illustrious, then, to put his 
e peti

quient, we suggested, with yet an esiop's foible, as to how.'^ 
e sugg

kum. Sure, I thunkum you knew all about that, honorey causes, 
 honor

Nickies and Folletta Lajambe! Then mem and hem and the jaque- 
e jaqu

to announce, after laying out his litterery bed, for two days she 
unce, 

kept squealing down for noisy priors and bawling out to her 
 to he

my prhose to please his phrase, bogorror, I declare I get the 
lease 

be killed, the freak wanted to put his bilingual head intentionally 

mers! He used to be avowdeed as he ought to be vitandist. For 
tandis

we went on to ask now of the gracious one. Vouchsafe to say. 
now of

You will now, goodness, won't you.'* Why.^ 
You 

— Still in a way, not to flatter you, we fancy you that you are 
 flatt

— Undoubtedly but that is show, Shaun replied, the mutter- 
doubte

melk of his blood donor beginning to work, and while innocent 
nning 

blurry wards I am loyable to do it (I am convicted of it!) any time 
loyabl

maricles and my trifolium librotto, the authordux Book of Lief, 
otto, 

prink. Outragedy of poetscalds! Acomedy of letters! I have 
. Outr

like a work of merit, mark my words and append to my mark 
 a wor
erit, 

slob of the world with a heart like Montgomery's in his showchest 
world 

as they are telling not but were and will be, all told, scruting fore- 
and wi

semble and rolled buoyantly backwards in less than a twink- 
 rolle

slackfoot, linkman laizurely, lampman loungey, and by Killesther's 
ngey, 

and porpoise plain, from carnal relations undfamiliar faces, to the 
ons un

we in the country of the old, Sean Moy, can part you for, oleypoe, 
countr
 Moy, 

whose disparition afflictedly fond Fuinn feels. Winner of the 
dispar
on aff

gamings, primed at the studience, propredicted from the story- 
gamin

Our people here in Samoanesia will not be after forgetting you 
orgett

an imperfection being committled. Sireland calls you. Mery Loye 
rfecti

pulse of our slumber, dreambookpage, by the grace of Votre 
 Votre

Jonnyjoys takes the wind from waterloogged Erin's king, you 
 takes

will shiff across the Moylendsea and round up in your own 

at the weir by Lazar's Walk (for far and wide, as large as he was 
and wi

butterblond warden of the peace, one comestabulish Sigurdsen, 
butte

their antemeridian lesson of life, under its tree, against its warn- 
fe, un

the rarerust sight of the first human yellowstone landmark (the 

the sod as ever and oft, when liquefied, (vil!) he murmoaned 

dous girlsfuss over him pellmale, their jeime premier and his rosy- 
remier

all, but that one; Finfria*s fairest, done in loveletters like a trayful 
 faire

columbillas? and Juliennaw's tubberbunnies? and Eulalina's 
Julien

sprat and from the King of all Wrenns down to infuseries) Jaun, 
userie

knows he thought the world and his life of her sweet heart could 
world 

raised, you, sis, that used to write to us the exceeding nice letters 
 sis, 

wont to recall to mind) thy oldworld tales of homespinning and 
world 
nning 

derringdo and dieobscure and daddyho, these tales which reliter- 
derri

perfection, our pet pupil of the whole rhythmetic class and the 
rfecti

thee. 

this introit of exordium, my galaxy girls, quiproquo of directions 
iproqu

to henservants I was asking his advice on the strict T.T. from 
to he

for a consommation with an effusion and how, by all the manny 
onsomm

giving youth now again in words of style byaway of offertory 
in wor

all! Follow me close! Keep me in view! Understeady me saries! 
ries! 

feugtig season adhere to as many as probable of the ten com- 
obable

to be sung.'^ Is it rubrics, mandarimus, pasqualines, or verdidads 
imus, 
 pasqu
squali

be wished for.^ Several sindays after whatsintime. I'll sack that sick 

trample underfoot your linen of Killiney. Never play lady's game 
ple un

for the Lord's stake. Never lose your heart away till you win his 
you wi

colleen coy, a blush on a bush turned first man's laughter into 
 coy, 

collude with money. Ere you sail foreget my prize. Where you 
ith mo

please of being at a party to any demoralizing home life. That 
lease 

is nobler in the main to supper than the boys and errors of out- 
s nobl

our Harlotte Quai from poor Mrs Mangain's of Britain Court on 
rlotte

to henna out of here ! Put your swell foot foremost on foulardy 
to he

tion and ribbons of lace, limenick's disgrace. Sure, what is it on the 
 disgr

with your meetual fan, Doveyed Covetfilles, comepulsing payn- 
with
tfille

till youre martimorphysed please sit still face to face. For if the 
lease 

Arias, taking you to the playguehouse to see the Smirching of 
rias, 

Titteretto and Vergognese and Coraggio with their extrahand 
ergogn

nouveautays! There's many's the icepolled globetopper is haunt- 
nouve

Up leather. Prunella, convert your try! Stick wicks in your ear- 
runell

his beauty and you'll never more wear your strawberry leaves. 
s beau

the poulterer, you understand, and shake up with the milch- 

fingerpats on fondlepets, under the couvrefeu act. It's the thin 
ts, un

any place to be smuggling his madam's apples up.'^ Deceitful 
 madam

cally within the proscribed limits like Population Peg on a hint or 
proscr

questions in barely and snakking svarewords like a nursemagd. 

all respect together. By the stench of her fizzle and the glib of her 
all re

that is to mean if you have visceral ptossis, my point is, making 
ssis, 

threadworm inhibitating it, lassy, and perspire freely, lict your 
eadwor

Causeries, and why so much soup is so muck slop. If we 
userie

(malbongusta, it's not the thing you know!) with the calfloving 
usta, 

well for old Gloatsdane's glorification and the postequities of 
 glori

the Black Watch, peeping private from the Bush and Rangers. 

of affairs altogether for the redcolumnists of presswritten epics, 
olumni
pics, 

Peter Paragraph and Paulus Puff, (Fm keepsoaking them to cover 
Paulus

oil age and pulexes three shillings a pint and wives at six and 
and wi

direct connection, qua intervener, with a prominent married mem- 
on, qu

under subpenas, be flummoxed to the second degree by becoming a 
enas, 

lindsays, haughty hamiltons and gay gordons, dosed, doctored 
dons, 

on your danger zone in the dancer years. If ever I catch you at it, 
he dan

say take a brokerly advice and keep it to yourself that we, Jaun, first 
and ke

of our name here now make all receptacles of, free of price. Easy, 
all re

padre in the pulpbox enumerating you his nostrums. Be vacillant 
padre

ken's An Traitey on Miracula or Viewed to Death hy a Priest 
 Trait

with the Papes (mostly boys) by the divine comic Denti Alligator 
lligat

Graces of Linzen and Petitbois, bishops of Hibernites, licet ut 
 Petit

a nodding acquaintance for our doctrine with the works of old 
e work

nates maximum. I used to follow Mary Liddlelambe's flitsy tales, 
s maxi

arts good. Egg Laid by Former Cock and With Flageolettes in Send 
olette

dumple to, and buffkid scouse too ad libidinum, in these lassi- 
inum, 

stuck to the Comtesse Cantilene while she was sticking out Mavis 
 Comte
mtesse

Guard that gem. Sissy, rich and rare, ses he. In this cold old 
rare, 

her (there must have been a power of kinantics in that buel 

of gruel he gobed at bedgo) divorce into me and say the cur- 
e gobe

you to be a roller, O, (the goattanned saxopeeler upshotdown 
 rolle

that enemy of our country, in a cleanlooking light and I don't 
countr

Rere Uncle Remus, the Baas of Eboracum and Old Father 
emus, 

sea and March's pebbles spinning from beneath our footslips to 
nning 

making up to you with his bringthee balm of Gaylad and his 
you wi

images all on my retinue, Mohomadhawn Mike. Brassup ! More- 
inue, 

even take it into my progromme, as sweet course, to do a rash act 
gromme

nullius per fas et nefas. It should prove more or less of an event 
ullius

and show the widest federal in my cup. He'll have pansements 
 wides
nsemen

contrive to half kill your Charley you're my darling for you and 
ur Cha

angry boils with certain references to the Deity, seeking relief 
 refer

in alcohol and so on, general omnibus character with a dash of 
mnibus

forlifer on (threehundred and thirty three to one on Rue the 
 thirt

or, Gash, without butthering my head to assortail whose stroke 
assort

the man who lifts his pud to a woman is saving the way for 
o a wo

beat of calorrubordolor, I am, I do and I suffer, (do you hear me 
olor, 

slate.'^) that you won't obliterate for the bulkier part of a running 
t obli
nning 

on it. And that's how I'll bottle your greedypuss beautibus for 
s beau

I return here. How (from the sublime to the ridiculous) times 
 ridic

your ore. Littlegame rumilie from Liffalidebankum, (Toobli- 

our affections. Aerwenger's my breed so may we uncreepingly 
ur aff

sallysfashion how Fm a man of Armor let me so, let me sue, let 
 sue, 

me see your isabellis. How I shall, should I survive, as, please the 
lease 

upon the mingling of our meeting waters, wish to wisher, like 
wish t

massive mountains to part no more, you will there and then, in 
you wi

through suirland and noreland, kings country and queens, with 
countr

post purification we will, sales of work and social service, 
of wor

working programme. Come into the garden guild and be free 
work

of the gape athome! We'll circumcivicise all Dublin country. 
countr

nose in it, for Henrietta's sake, on mortinatality in the life of 
r Henr

jewries and the sludge of King Haarington's at its height, running 
nning 

ing drawadust jubilee along Henry, Moore, Earl and Talbot 
g Henr

Streets. Luke at all the memmer manning he's dung for the pray 
nning 

on a rogation stag party. Compare them caponchin trowlers 
arty. 

preference to any other number.^ Why any number in any order 
prefer

the Seeds and Weeds Act when you have procured one for your- 

eleven, Kane or Keogh's, and in the course of about thirtytwo 
 thirt

taken indeed if you will not be jushed astunshed to see how you 
you wi

will be meanwhile durn weel topcoated with kakes of slush 

well bdly ought until such temse as some mood is made under 
ade un

though still high fa luting, as he turned his dorse to her to pay 
 to he

score, phonoscopically incuriosited and melancholic this time 
curios

fex, with Peter Roche^ that frind of my boozum, leaning on my 
 Roche

well on into the beausome of the exhaling night, pinching stop- 
e beau
 exhal

on the tip of my wagger but for that owledclock (fast cease to it !) 
cease 

at the grenoulls, leaving tealeaves for the trout and belleeks for the 
 belle

rugaby moon cumuliously godrolling himself westasleep amuckst 
 cumul

my griffeen, burning water in the spearlight or catching trophies 
 griff

half on your backboard (if madamaud strips mesdamines may 
 madam

free and frolicky, zooming tophole on the mart as a factor. And 
icky, 

Solman Annadromus, ye god of little pescies, nothing would 
omus, 

Yip! How's thats for scats, mine shatz, for a lovebird.^ To funk is 
cats, 

pal, I'd spoil you altogether, my sumptuous Sheila! Mumm all 
 sumpt

stand, about shoepisser pluvious and in assideration of the terrible 
derati

tell the leest falsehood that would truthfully give sotisfiction. Fm 
leest 

glorious mission, secret or profund, through all the annals of our 
glori

— as you so often term her — efferfreshpainted livy, in beautific 
n beau

repose, upon the silence of the dead, from pharoph the nextfirst 
silenc

to by the cycles and unappalled by the recoursers we feel all 
cycles

night king, nenni, by gannies, but the overking of Hither-on- 
enni, 

everyone was as sure of anything in this watery world as we are 
world 

her tell her old one. 'Twill amuse her. 
l amus

business! For I declare to Jeshuam I'm beginning to get sunsick! 
nning 

of our, alas, those times are not so far off as you might wish to 
wish t

be congealed. So now, Fll ask of you, let ye create no scenes in 

fighting your biddy moriarty duels, gobble gabble, over me till 
uels, 

clambake to hering and impudent barney, braggart of blarney, 
 to he

togather, touting in the chesnut burrs for Goodboy Sommers 
 Somme

our life. Lo, improving ages wait ye ! In the orchard of the bones. 
mprovi

Some time very presently now when yon clouds are dissipated 
Some 

after their forty years shower, the odds are, we shall all be hooked 
e, we 

velation! Deck the diamants that never die! So cut out the lone- 
 diama

it! Out with lent! Clap hands postilium! Fastintide is by. Your 
lent! 

thee welt! Parting's fun. Take thou, the wringle's thine, love. 
ringle

strokest! Hear, hairy ones! We have sued thee but late. Beauty 
. Beau

in layers all the thumping time, begor, the young gloria's gang 
 glori

voices the old doxologers, in the suburrs of the heavenly gardens, 
dens, 

experdition after a bail motion from the chamber of horrus. 
rditio

savioury condiments and a penny in the plate for the jemes. 
ndimen

have recipimus, recipe, O lout ! And save that, Oliviero, for thy 
imus, 
cipe, 

spice isles, curry and cinnamon, chutney and cloves. All the vital- 
sles, 

mines is beginning to sozzle in chewn and the hormonies to 
nning 

the two Saint Collopys, blackmail him I will in arrears or my 

wish and wish in vain till the grame reaper draws nigh, with 
and wi
reaper

the sickle of the sickles, as a blessing in disguise. Devil a curly 

tyan, tethera, methera, pimp, I'd let him have my best pair of 
hera, 
hera, 

click of the clock, toot toot, and doff doff we pop with sinnerettes 
erette

beauty of it, look, scene it, ratty. Too perfectly priceless for 
beau

you make usage of it, listen, please kindly think galways again 
lease 

speedwell just a spell of floralora so you'll mind your veronique. 
roniqu

her cattiness, in the magginbottle. Of course, please too write, 
lease 

think who it was or any funforall happens I'll be so curiose to 
curios

see in the Homesworth breakfast tablotts as I'll know etherways 
therwa

by pity bleu if it's good for my system, what exquisite buttons, 
t exqu

tie a knot in my stringamejip to letter you with ray silky paper, 
you wi

money one day so don't trouble to ans unless sentby special as 
ans un

When I throw away my rollets there's rings for all. Flee a girl, 
 rolle

to it! Cheveluir! So distant you're always. Bow your boche! 
hevelu

Absolutely perfect! I will pack my comb and mirror to praxis 
 to pr

shy. Why I love taking him out when I unletched his cordon 
cordon

and the sickamours, the cyprissis and babilonias, where the 
nias, 

tions in words over Margrate von Hungaria, her Quaidy ways 
in wor

this hour, I'm sorry, when our gamings for Bruin and Noselong 
 gamin

please keep looking of priceless pearlogs I just want to see will 
lease 

tumble, Jaime, and listen, with supreme regards, Juan, in haste, 
aime, 

— MEN! Juan responded fullchantedly to her sororal sono- 
 to he

for a split, see see!) Ever gloriously kind! And I truly am 
plit, 
 glori

brandisong, woo and win womenlong with health to rich vine- 
and wi

a filiform dhouche on Doris! Esterelles, be not on your weeping 
terell

So gullaby, me poor Isley! But I'm not for forgetting me 
r Isle
orgett

innerman monophone for I'm leaving my darling proxy behind 
nophon

learn provided there's nothing between you but a plain deal 
learn 

aether but on quinquisecular cycles after his French evolution 
cycles

low on our sealevel. Bearer may leave the church, signed, Figura 
, sign

ment. He has novel ideas I know and he's a jarry queer fish be- 
rry qu

by the same nanna, one twitch, one nature makes us oldworld 
world 

him. I love his old portugal's nose. There's the nasturtium for 
ortuga

cholera. Give him an eyot in the farout. Moseses and Noasies, 
 farou
sies, 

David R. Crozier. And we're the closest of chems. Mark my use 
David

of you, cog! Take notice how I yemploy, crib! Be ware as you, 
otice 

O'Looniys, a Brazel aboo! The most omportent man! Shervos/ 
omport
ortent

gentius, when he's not absintheminded, with his Paris addresse ! 
absint

bones! Some toad klakkin! You're welcome back, Wilkins, to 
 Some 

red berries in the frost! And here's the butter exchange to pfeife 
 butte

seen all sorts in shapes and sizes, marauding about the moppa- 
izes, 

forgetting the oils of greas under that turkey in julep and Father 
orgett

you, shinners true and pinchme, our tertius quiddus, that never 
ius qu

if prumpted, the mirthprovoker ! Grunt unto us, I pray, your fore- 
unt un

chelle. With your dumpsey diddely dumpsey die, iiddeley fa. 
 die, 

thou! What say ye.'^ Taurus periculosusy morbus pedeiculosus. 
ericul

won't. He's shoy. Those worthies, my old faher's onkel that 
hies, 

out of his silenced bladder since I bonded him off more as a 
silenc

gauche as swift B.A.A. Who gets twickly fullgets twice as alle- 
gauch

rhearsilvar ormolus to torquinions superbers while I'm far 
 torqu

my varsatile examinations in the ologies, to be a coach on the 
gies, 

Fukien mission. P? F? How used you learn me, brather 
learn 

In the beginning was the gest he jousstly says, for the end is 
nning 

worse case after than before since she on the supine satisfies 

the void world over. It's Winland for moyne, bickbuck! Jee- 
world 
oyne, 

hop! Farewell awhile to her and thee! The brine's my bride to 
 to he

be. Lead on. Macadam, and danked be he who first sights Halt 
nd dan

with this panromain apological which Watllwewhistlem sang to 
romain

that curl of curls to lay with their gloves and keep the kids 
and ke

wish you'd a yoke or a bit in your mouth, repulsing all attempts 

the phalanx of daughters of February Filldyke, embushed and 
 embus

EhjourdVeh! OhjourdVoe! dosiriously it psalmodied. Gues- 
almodi

Oisis, coolpressus onmountof Sighing! 
isis, 

Oisis, phantastichal roseway anjerichol ! 
isis, 

Oisis, plantainous dewstuckacqmirage playtennis! 
isis, 

typmanzelles capsy curvy (the holy scamp!), with half a 
nzelle

but waved instead a handacross the sea as notice to quit while 
otice 

Paza! Paisy! Irine! Areinette! Bridomay! Bentamai! Soso- 
 Brido

Damadomina! Takiya! Tokaya! Scioccara! Siuccherillina! Peoc- 
adomin

his climax, he toppled a lipple on to the off and, making a brand- 
 clima

general, away with him at the double, the hulk of a garron, 
rron, 

nation. Traitor's Track, following which fond floral fray he was 
 Trait

while Sickerson, that borne of bjoeme, la garde auxiliaire she 
liaire

pulpitbarrel. May your bawny hair grow rarer and fairer, our own 
 faire
irer, 

orbo ! Songster, angler, choreographer ! Piper to prisoned ! Musi- 
 to pr

cianship made Embrassador-at-Large ! Good by nature and 
Embras

unclaimed by the death angel in this country of ours today, 
countr

his locks of a lucan tinge, quickrich, ripely rippling, unfilleted, 
ge, qu
ng, un
nfille

your bluntblank pin in hand upinto his fleshasplush cushionettes 
asplus

thickness, ells upon ells of him, making so many square yards of 
s, ell

they would him descry, spancelled down upon a blossomy bed, at 
ncelle

chamber quiry on him. For he was ever their quarrel, the way 
ber qu

to hear with his unaided ears the harp in the air, the bugle 
to he

Manuum, the hand making silence. The buckos beyond on the lea, 
silenc

with unctuous beauty all surrounded, the poser, or for whatall I 
s beau

know like Lord Lumen, coaching his preferred constellations in 
prefer

you would say themselves were, fuming censor, the way they 

how they would be spreading in quadriliberal their azurespotted 
iliber

thurrible mystagogue after him and from thence to the neighbour 
le mys

and that way to the puisny donkeyman and his crucifer's cauda. 
e puis

keeping time with his thripthongue, to ope his blurbeous lips he 
hongue

— This same prehistoric barrow 'tis, the orangery. 
ehisto

six hundred and six ragwords in your malherbal Magis lande- 
 malhe
 Magis

roots for monarch but yav hace not one pronouncable teerm that 
 prono

provisionally, nor no rheda rhoda or torpentine path or halluci- 
 torpe

vatur casematter messio! Frankly. Magis megis enerretur mynus 
! Fran
 Magis

— How.'^ C*est mal prononsable, tartagliano, perfrances. Vous 
 prono
. Vous

n'avez pas d'o dans votre boche provenciale, mousoo. Je m*in- 
n'avez
o dans
s votr

— Hep there! Commong, sa na pa de valure.'^ Whu*s teit dans 
valure
it dan

— The woods of fogloot! O mis padredges! 
 padre

the zoedone of the zephyros, strolling and strolling, carrying my 
yros, 

the Tuns, Pat Whateveryournameis.'^ 

bleather. Encroachement spells erosion. Dunlin and turnstone 
chemen

not, and sizing a fair sail, knowest thout the kind.'* The Pourquoi 
Pourqu

you see is they! Draken af Danemork! Sacked it or ate it.'* What! 

ning two lay payees. Norsker. Her raven flag was out, the 
yees. 

the tan tress awn! Call Wolfhound! Wolf of the sea. Folchu! 

mean you lived as milky at their lyceum, couard, while you 
couard

— A cataleptic mithyphallic ! Was this Totem Fulcrum Est 
thypha

wonday I shall wake. Ah! May he have now of here fearfilled 
now of
rfille

differently (there is such a fui fui story which obtains of him): 
diff

comming nown from the asphalt to the concrete, from the human 
rete, 

historic brute, Finnsen Faynean, occeanyclived, to this same 
rute, 

de Heights, with his lavast flow and his rambling undergroands, 
ing un

would he reoccur Ad Horam, as old Romeo Rogers, in city or 
oram, 

know the differenciabus, as brauchbarred in apabhramsa, sierrah ! 
abus, 

faher now the man I go in fear of. Tommy Terracotta, and he 
otta, 

— Me das has or oreils. Piercey, piercey, piercey, piercey! 
 oreil
. Pier

— Macdougal, Adantic City, or his onagrass that is, chuam 
 City,

for. Now, the doctrine obtains, we have occasioning cause caus- 
s, we 

suspicion on counterfeit Kevin and we all remember ye in child- 
all re

wachsibles, an ikeson am ikeson, that babe, imprincipially, my 
eson, 

undered heaven, meis enfins, contrasting the first mover, that 
 enfin

state falling towards thrice myself resting the childhide when 
ce mys

hairs. Oh laud, and removed my clothes from patristic motives, 
atrist

andanding how he all locutey sunt, why did you, my sexth best 
sunt, 

producing Saint Momuluius, you snub around enclosing your 
uius, 

providing append of signature quoniam you will celebrand my 
ure qu
you wi

of you laycreated cardonals, ap rince, ap rowler, ap rancer, ap 
reated
ncer, 

cooshy lot! Mind of poison is. That time thing think! Honorific 
 Honor

above you peregrines. Aye vouchu to rumanescu. See the leabhour 
escu. 

of my generations ! Has not my master, Theophrastius Spheropneu- 
ophras

maticus, written that the spirit is from the upper circle? Tm of the 
icus, 

ochlocracy with Prestopher Palumbus and Porvus Parrio. Soa 
ith Pr

jailbrand Exquovis and sequencias High marked on me fake- 
d sequ

caudal mottams: Itch dean: which Gaspey, Otto and Sauer, he 
auer, 

am. And, Mind, praisegad, is the first praisonal Egoname Yod 
raison

landadge or are you sprakin sea Djoytsch? Oy soy, Bleseyblasey, 
 soy, 

eh, esquire earwugs, escusado, of Jenkins' Area, with his I've Ivy 
, esqu

time. Pleasie, Mista Lukie Walkie! Josadam cowbelly maam 
asie, 

— Hell's Confucium and the Elements ! Tootoo moohootch ! 
lement

you roman cawthrick 432? 

— Quadrigue my yoke. 
drigue

Triple my tryst. 
Triple

your thrilljoy mouths overtspeaking, O dragoman, hands under- 
ouths 

Every third man has a chink in his conscience and every other 
onscie

am I deliciated by the picaresqueness of your irmages. Now, 
aresqu

ever occur to you, qua you, prior to this, by a stretch of 
ou, qu

ing that you might, bar accidens, be very largely substituted in 
dens, 

potential secession from your next life by a complementary char- 
lement

of myself in my ericulous imaginating. I felt feeling a half Scotch 
ericul

ing was the weared, wontnat! Hood maketh not frere. The voice 
rere. 

Amor now. You have all our empathies, eh, Mr Trickpat, if you 
mpathi
hies, 

your strict crossqueets, whereas it would be as unethical for me 
 as un

Leelander. But in my shelter you'll miss me. When Lapac walks 
 walks

the schoo, Freeday's child in loving and thieving. 

— My child, know this! Some portion of that answer appears 
 Some 

to have been token by you from the writings of Saint Synodius, 
dius, 

aver who is.'^ If is itsen.'^ Or you mean Nolans but Volans, an 
lans, 

alibi, do you Mutemalice, suffering unegoistically from the singular 
ing un

poor Alby Sobrinos, Geoff, you blighter, identifiable by the 
 Geoff

the best, for wellmet Capeler, united Irishmen, what though pre- 

I never want to see more of bad men but I want to learn from 
learn 

he lives sameplace in the antipathies of austrasia or anywhere 
ipathi

man who has africot lupps with the moonshane in his profile, 
file, 

for the brilliance of brothers, is the Nolan as appearant nominally? 
llianc

impersonating pronolan, fairhead on foulshoulders. Would it be 
 prono

with his tantrums and all these godforgiven kilowatts I'd be 
n kilo

— I speak truly, it's a shower sign that it's not. 
r sign

— Were you with Sindy and Sandy attending Goliath, a bull? 
you wi

the allies through their central power.'* 

— Pirce! Perce! Quick! Queck! 
ce! Qu

mum and mistlemam.'* Maomi, Mamie, My Mo Mum! He loves 
amie, 

breton, and unbiassed by the embarrassment of disposal but, the 
barras

dascessed ! ! ! ! Pairaskivvymenassed ! ! ! ! ! Luredogged ! ! ! ! ! ! And, 
menass

surgeon, Afamado Hairductor Achmed Borumborad, M.A.C.A, 
 Achme

laxative tendency to mary, especially with him being forbidden 
xative
mary, 

— Fantasy! funtasy on fantasy, amnaes fantasies! And there is 
ntasie

nihil nuder under the clothing moon. When Ota, weewahrwificle 
nihil
der un

of Torquells, bumpsed her dumpsydiddle down in her woolsark 
 Torqu

their bombossities of feudal fiertey, fanned, flounced and frangi- 

I to hear from your strawnummical modesty! Yes, there was 
 to he

your vulcanology for the lava of Moltens ! 

of the Zenith Part while Arctura, Anatolia, Hesper and Mesembria 
tura, 

rebuke to the libels of snots from the fleshambles, the canalles. 

smells cheaply of Power's spirits, like a deepsea dibbler, and he is 
rits, 

when I am hiding under my hair from him and I cool him my 
ing un

wickerkishabrack of maryfruit under Shadow La Rose, to both 
uit un
Rose, 

the legintimate lady performers of display unquestionable, Elsebett 

his Saxontannery with motto in Wwalshe's ffrenchllatin: O'Neill 
ith mo

required by statues. V.I.C.5.6. If you won't release me stop to 
lease 

please me up the leg of me. Now you see! Respect. S.V.P. 
lease 

— You wish to take us, Frui Mria, by degrees, as artis litter arum- 
wish t

— Lordy Daw and Lady Don! Uncle Foozle and Aunty 
on! Un

his allgas bumgalowre, Auxilium Meum Solo A Domino (Amsad), 
ilium 

— All ears did wag, old Eire wake as Piers Aurell was flapper- 
s Pier

present Quls est qui non novit quinnigan and Qui quae quot at 
vit qu

tinies for the Imbandiment of Ad Regias Agni Dapes^ fogabawlers 
ndimen

and panhibernskers, after the crack and the lean years, scalp j aggers 
years,

their aggregate ages two and thirty plus undecimmed centries 
 thirt
y plus

Krumlin Boyards, Phillipsburgs, Cabraists and Finglossies, 
ngloss
sies, 

hightful bazar and reunited magazine hall, by the magazine wall, 
 bazar

and the claddagh ringleaders and the two salaames and the Haifa 
ringle

German selver geyser and he polished up, protemptible, tintanam- 
Germ

Buttery, could safely accomodate of the houses of Orange and 
Butte

o'ryely, sopped down by his pani's annagolorum, (at Kennedy's 
orum, 

floodlight switched back, as true as the Vernons have Brian's 
ernons

clustered on his hayir, the spectrem of his prisent mocking the 
risent

his buttend up, expositoed for sale after referee's inspection, 
 butte
xposit
 refer

ing and a couple of the lunch and three later on, but your saouls 
 saoul

to the dhaoul, do ye. Finnk. Fime. Fudd? 
aoul, 

— Impassable tissue of improbable liyers! D'yu mean to sett 
assabl
obable

bizar tongue in yur tolkshap, and your hindies and shindies, like a 
biza

Lowlaid Herd! Aubain Hand! Wonted Foot! Usque/ Usque/ 
 Aubai

— Rawth of Gar and Donnerbruck Fire? Is the strays world 
world 

— The cry of the roedeer it is! The white hind. Their slots, 
lots, 

— Parfey. Now, after that justajifF siesta, just permit me a 
esta, 

swarwords. Clear the line, priority call! Sybil! Better that or 
riorit

fieries! With their blue beards streaming to the heavens. 
ries! 

— Out of all jokes it did. Pipep! Icecold. Brr na brr, ny prr! 
r, ny 

thing to please everybody.'^ 
lease 

— Catchecatche and couchamed! 
amed! 

— From Miss Somer's nice dream back to Mad Winthrop's 
nthrop

— Foamflakes flockfuyant from Foxrock to Finglas. 
fuyant

where the illassorted first couple first met with each other.'^ The 
assort

Arber.^ Your bard's high view, avis on valley! I would like to hear 
 to he

you burble to us in strict conclave, purpurando, and without 
and wi

with their underhand leadpencils climbing to her crotch for the 
 to he

origin of spices and charlotte darlings with silk blue askmes 
rlotte

chattering in dissent to them, gibbonses and gobbenses, guelfing 
chatte

sioners chucking overthrown milestones up to her to fall her 
 to he

exquisitive creation and her leaves, my darling dearest, sinsin- 
exqu

sinning since the night of time and each and all of their branches 
nning 

world through the germination of its gemination from Ond's 
world 

soredbohmend because Knockout, the knickknaver, knacked 
aver, 

the park, flattering his bitter hoolft with her conconundrums. 
 flatt

of himself for the bellance of hissch leif. 
llance

with a pagany, vicariously known as Toucher *Thpm' who is. I 

snow off walls. Have you ever heard of this old boy "Thorn" or ^^on^-^ 
now of

in his accountrements always in font of the tubbernuckles, like 
countr

notting on the basque of his beret. He has kissed me more than 
 basqu

the hottest worked word of ur sprogue. You're not! Unhindered 
ed wor

So I find, referring to the pater of the present man, an erely de- 
 refer

qua our arc of the covenant, was Toucher, a methodist, whose c^a^'^^ 
 metho
dist, 

— Pamelas, peggylees, pollywoUies, questuants, quaint- 
ts, qu

sisters, P. and Q., Clopatrick's cherierapest, mutatis mutandis^ 
tandis

quest of all quicks.'^ 

went gonning on Pranksome Quaine. 
nning 

— Good. Hold that watching brief and keep this witching 
and ke

longuer. Now, retouching friend Tomsky, the enemy, did you 
longue
nemy, 

with him then? 
with

— He could claud boose his eyes to the birth of his garce, he 
 garce

couldn't laugh through the whole of her farce becorpse he warn't 
ecorps

— The tail, so mastrodantic, as you tell it nearly takes your 
 takes

the bank lean clorks.'* Some nasty blunt clubs were being operated 
 Some 

— I horridly did. On the stroke of the dozen. I'm sure I'm 
d. On 

on her anulas findring and forty crocelips in her curlingthongues. 
hongue

this masked ball! Annabella, Lovabella, Pullabella, yep? 

— Yup ! Titentung Tollertone in S. Sabina's. Aye aye, she 
 Sabin
 aye, 

litteris puttagonnianne to the herreraism of a cabotinesque ex- 
inesqu

the canicular year? Nascitur ordo seculi numfit. 

— And Jambs, of Delphin's Bourne or (as olders lay) of 
 Delph

— The quobus quartet were there too, if I mistake not, as a 
bus qu

amenessy meeting, metandmorefussed to decide whereagainwhen 
efusse

drinking unsteadily through the Kerry quadrilles and Listowel 
ing un
rry qu

theirs, eh? Like four wise elephants inandouting under a twelve- 
ing un

acquinntence? Name or redress him and we'll call it a night! 
acqu
 redre

— Mayhap. Hora pro Nubis, Thundersday, at A Little Bit Of 
ubis, 

ringing his belle. Did the kickee, goodman rued fox, say anything 
 belle

granted, though ultra viresy void and, in fact, unnecessarily so. 
grante

not giving you a short question. Now, not to mix up, cast your 
ort qu

which have been poring over us through homer's kerryer pid- 
ich ha

geons, massacreedoed as the holiname rally round took place. 
assacr

impendements and your perroqtriques ! Blank memory of hatless 
trique

curse of things, as complement to compliment though, after a 
lement

manner of men which I must and will say seems extraordinary, 
and wi
inary,

clever play in the mud, mention to the other undesirable, a 
her un

after the angerus, how for his deal he was a pigheaded Swede and 
erus, 

hudded dunce, I beg your pardon, and he would jokes bowlder- 
unce, 

between them, they rolled togutter into the ditch together.'^ 
 rolle

querqcut quadrant.^ 

— You will be asking me and I wish to higgins you wouldn't. 
wish t

— Let it be twelve thirty after a somersautch of the tardest! 
 thirt

work, ecad, on the quiet like, during this arms' parley, meatierities 
work

Scutticules, like their caractacurs in an Irish Ruman to sorowbrate 
caract

— I mean the Morgans and the Dorans, in finnish.'^ 
rans, 

you've sensed, whole the sum. So be vigil! 

proprey went on, hog and minne, a whole whake, your night after 
inne, 

larry's night, spittinspite on Dora O'Huggins, Ormonde caught 
rmonde

according to your cock and a biddy story? Lludillongi, for years 
dillon

the first. That's right. 

ing and winging and ponging! And all your rally and ramp and 
and wi

tors and on the cresties and winblowing night after night, for 
and wi

think about something which I must on no caste accounts omit, 
omit, 

and sousers and likewise he told me, the recusant, after telling 
cusant

mass, with two hundred genuflexions, at the split hour of 
uflexi

begalla, he meet himself with Mr Michael Clery of a Tuesday 
alla, 

up for months, owing to being putrenised by stragglers abusing 
s abus

from paraguais and albs by the yard to Mr Martin Clery for 
aragua

he Anlone and all the nuisances committed by soldats and non- 
soldat

second sight noo and recant that all yu affirmed to profetised at 
 to pr

on strip or in larges, at the Raven and Sugarloaf, either Jones's 
rges, 

tain offence or of a choice of two serious charges, as skirts were 
rges, 

goaters appear periodically up your sylvan family tree? 
eriodi

— Are you to have all the pleasure quizzing on me? I didn't 
ure qu

broons quadroons and I can psoakoonaloose myself any time I 
ons qu

other pigeonstealer. 

active nature where every bally being — please read this mufto 
lease 

— is becoming in its owntown eyeballs. Now the long form and 
form a

the strong form and reform alltogether! 
form a
form a

reached, well over countless hands, sieur of many winners and 
 sieur

stand at Bay (Dublin) from nun till dan and vites inversion and 
invers

— Pro general continuation and in particular explication to 
inuati

your singular interrogation our asseveralation. Ladiegent, pals 

will smile but me and Frisky Shorty, my inmate friend, as is un- 
will

West Pauper Bosquet, was glad to be back again with the chaps 
quet, 

here. Supposing, for an ethical fict, him, which the findings 
fict, 

contravention of schedule in board of forests and works bylaws 
d work

Mr Coppinger with reference to a piece of fire fittings as was 
 refer

most obliging, 'pon my sam, in this matter of his explanations 
t obli
explan

reverend, he says, summat problematical, by yon socialist sun, 
lemati

titoff, zwelf me Zeus, says he, lettin olfac be the extench of the 
Zeus, 

supperfishies, lamme the curves of their scaligerance and pesk 
hies, 

the everurge flossity of their pectoralium, them litde salty popu- 
y popu

is how the reverend Coppinger, he visualises the hidebound 
e hide

peopling the ribald baronies with dans, oges and conals ! 
h dans

— Pull you, sir! Olive quill does it. Longeal of Malin, he'll 
alin, 

Way, lungfush! The great fin rnay cumule! Three threeth o'er 
 cumul

Remus, plying the rape, so as now any bompriss's bound to get 
emus, 

— Or tulipbeds of Rush below. 
below.

and no burners. You're forgetting the jinnyjos for the fayboys. 
orgett

will water the wild world over. And the maid of the folley will go 
world 

in Corrack-on-Sharon, County Rosecarmon. Sure she was near 
aron, 

element, she pleasing it, she praising it, with salices and weidow- 
lement

are as the doaters of inversion, Secilas through their laughing 
invers

— It seems to same with Iscappellas? Ys? Gotellus! A tickey (^^^^^ 
tellus

the coldcream, Assoluta, from Boileau's I always use in the wards 
Boilea

sign of the cause. My, you do! Simply adorable! Could I but 
sign
dorabl

knicks. Winning in a way, only my arms are whiter, dear. 
nning 

vent, hoops of gold ! My veil will save it undyeing from his ether- 
 it un

beau! Ma reinebelle !), in his storm collar, as I leaned yestreen 
nebell

looks lovelast. Still me with you, you poor chilled ! Will make it 
chille

up with mother Concepcion and a glorious lie between us, 
ith mo
 glori

St Audiens rosan chocolate chapelry with my diamants blickfeast 
 diama

hister, be free to me! (Fm fading!) And listen, you, you beauty, 
u beau

— Eusapia! Fais-le, tout-tait! Languishing hysteria.'^ The clou 
s-le, 

historique.'^ How is this at all.^ Is dads the thing in such or are 
toriqu

in Ireland between your borderation, my chatty cove, and me. The 
derati

in the purity, promptitude and perfection flour of this raw 
rfecti

and with maternal sanction compellably empanelled at quarter 
and wi
panell

sessions under the six disqualifications for the uniformication of 
ons un
squali

young persons (Nodding Neutrals) removal act by Committal- 

Butt and Hocksett's, violating the bushel standard, come into 
dard, 

were the doughboys, three by nombres, won in ziel, cavehill 
 nombr

rooking the pooro and how did start pfuffpfaffing at his Paterson 
terson

about him being molested, after him having triplets, by offers of 
triple

out in wealthy red in the sabbath sheets? Was it him that suborned 
 subor

pet, while him and his lagenloves were rampaging the roads in 
pet, 

A disgrace to the homely protestant religion! Bloody old pre- 
 disgr

And it's we's to pray for Bigmesser's conversions? Call Kitty the 
 to pr

padbun under my matelote, showing my jigotty sleeves and all 
atelot
lote, 

me, at Romiolo Frullini's flea pantamine out of Griddle-the-Sink 
iddle-

his faddles. A final ballot, guvnor, to remove all doubt. By sylph 
llot, 

evildoer! Arise, sir ghostus! As long as youVe lived there'll be no 
! Aris

out of print, the first of Shitric Shilkanbeard (or is it Owllaugh 
rint, 

known throughout the world wherever my good Allenglisches 
world 

Ergastulus, as this is, whether in Farnum's rath or Condra's 
Ergast
ulus, 

fict, by my halfwife, I think how our public at large appreciates 
fict, 

Apples, acted by Miss Dashe, and with Any of my cousines in 
and wi

to her dot and feel most greenily of her unripe ones as it should 
to he
her un

tion prize in my serial dreams of faire women, Mannequins Passe, 
 faire
annequ

I do drench my jolly soul on the pu pure beauty of hers past. 
e beau

our fourposter tunies chantreying under Castrucci Sinior and De 
hantre
ing un

Mellos, those whapping oldsteirs, with sycamode euphonium in 
llos, 

whergs. By whom, as my Kerk Findlater's, ye litel chuch rond 
 chuch

my youngend from an early peepee period while still to hedje- 
 to he

Michael can, when reicherout at superstation, to bring ruptures 
upture

to our roars how I am amp amp amplify. Hiemlancollin. Pim- 
lancol

noying. Big Butter Boost! Sorry! Thnkyou! Thatll beall for- 
 Butte

fore those in heaven to provost myself, by gramercy of justness, 
 to pr

enter under the advicies from Misrs Norris, Southby, Yates and 
ter un

Weston, Inc, to their favoured client, into my preprotestant caveat 
ston, 

Nocelettres and the Poe's Toffee's Directory in his pisness), the 
lettre

best begrudged man in Belgradia who doth not belease to our 
lease 

North Strand with his Thom's towel in hand. Snakeeye! Strangler 
and wi

Tower! Steck a javelin through his advowtried heart! Instaun- 
a jave

congrandyoulikethems, ecclesency. 
ngrand

makkers ginger. Some one we was with us all fours. Adversarian! 
 Some 

a future date. Hello, Comrnudicate ! How's the buttes.'^ Ever- 
 butte

and his puertos mugnum, he would puffout a dhymful bock. 
gnum, 

divane! (He would redden her with his vestas, but 'tis naught.) 
stas, 

account off. I whit it wel. Hence his deepraised words. Some day 
ed wor
 Some 

Well, yeamen, I have bared my whole past, I flatter myself, 
 flatt

division and my first broadcloth is business will be to protest to 
 to pr

Recorder at Thing of all Things, or court of Skivinis, with mar- 
inis, 

Whalley, Determined Codde or Cucumber Upright, my jurats, 
cumber
rats, 

were it even, as this is, the legal eric for infelicitous conduict (here 
condui

was felt by me, at goodbuy cootcoops byusucapiture a mouth- "^^ 
ucapit

less niggeress, Blanchette Brewster from Cherna Djamja, Blaw- 
chette

verbanned be), would seem eggseggs excessively haroween to i^^' p 
xcessi

who strikest only on the marryd bokks, enquick me if so be I 
, enqu

onn Teheresiann, has been disposed of for her consideration, I, 
derati

angars, am strongly of opinion why I should not be. Inprobable! 
obable

resolde or borrough by exchange same super melkkaart, means 

panis, two claps on the cansill, or three pock pocks cassey 
anis, 

their freiung pfann into myne foyer. Her is one which rassembled 
 foyer

are innersence, but we sen you meet sose infance. Deucollion! 
nfance

head unner my whitepot for ransom of beeves and will stand 
and wi

wicked, I always think in a wordworth's of that primed favou- 
 a wor

ruddertail, yet not a bottlenim, vanced imperial standard by 
enim, 

burgage under starrymisty and ran and operated my brixtol selec- 
age un

tion here at thollstall, for mean straits male with evorage fimmel, 
mmel, 

in commune soccage among strange and enemy, among these 
nemy, 

If you would traverse hills, they are not far off. If champain land, 

by. If you will take the view of the sea, it is at hand. Give heed! 
you wi

of aldest mosest ist the beginning of all thisorder so the last of 
nning 

all! Redu Negru may be black in tawn but under them lintels 
but un

and gints, quaysirs and galleyliers, fresk letties from the say and 
ts, qu

sure in sorting with Jonathans, wild and great. Been so free! 
n sort

kepp your poudies drier! Seamen, we segn your skivs and wives! 
and wi

Sirrherr of Gambleden ruddy money, to Madame of Pitymount 
Madame

Lusqu'au bout! If they had ire back of eyeball they got danage 
ot dan

Shackleton: Walhalloo, Walhalloo, Walhalloo, mourn in plein! 
 plein

acorpolous and fastbroke down in Neederthorpe. I let faireviews 
 faire

hotels: I made sprouts fontaneously from Philuppe Sobriety in 
tels: 
m Phil

of the vinegarth, obtemperate unto me! When you think me in 
ate un

podestril and on the rates, I for indigent and intendente: in 
ente: 

Consciencia were undecidedly attached to me but the maugher 
onscie

gated me, their golden one, I inhesitant made replique: Mesde- 
epliqu

memdes to leursieuresponsor: and who in hillsaide, don't you 
o leur

and I beggered about the amnibushes like belly in a bowle. In 
mnibus

my great great greatest of these charities, devaleurised the base 
valeur

pire: I have been reciping om omominous letters and widely- 
and wi

signed petitions full of pieces of pottery about my monumental- 
d peti

ness as a thingabolls and I have been inchanting causeries to the 
userie

tered. Attent! Couch hear! I have becket my vonderbilt hutch 
 Atten

Inglis his house, that man de Loundres, in all their barony of 
dres, 

Saltus, bonders and foeburghers, helots and zelots, strutting oges 
lots, 

redmaids and bleucotts, in hommage all and felony, all who have 
n homm
ommage

dead sick of bread and butter, sometime in the militia, mentally 
 butte
itia, 

with eight other dwellings, more than respectable, getting com- 
with

fortable parish relief, wageearner freshly shaven from prison, 
ly sha

highly respectable, planning new departure in Mountgomery 
nning 

in-the-Sky scraps, anoopanadoon lacking backway, quasi respec- 
ay, qu

lost in dirt and blocked with refuse, getting on like Roe's dis- 
fuse, 

following correspondence courses, chucked work over row, both 
ed wor

door, known as the trap, widow rheumatic and chars, haunted, 
hars, 

costly pledged or uninsured, reformed philanthropist whenever 
cost
nthrop

feasible takes advantage of unfortunates against dilapidating 
 takes

some, teawidow pension but held to purchase, inherited silk hat 
hase, 

queery how they live, reputed to procure, last four occupants 
 to pr

dren's children they do inhabit it and hold it for me unencum- 
 inhab

and with all the liberties and free customs which the men of Tol- 
and wi

Struggling forlongs I have livramentoed, milles on milles of 
e livr

easancies and my drummers have tattled tall tales of me in the land: 
sancie

in morgenattics litt I hope, in seralcellars louched I bleakmealers: 
 louch

wauks that are darkest I debelledem superb: I deemed the drugtails 
debell

and puissant lord V. king regards for me and he has given to me 
d puis

etoiled, flappant, devoiled of their habiliments, vested sable, with- 
etoile

of lanciers, shaking unsheathed shafts, their arms crossed in sal- 
lancie
ing un

tire, embusked, sinople. Motto, in letters portent: Hery Crass 
 embus
inople
otto, 
ortent
 Crass

Evohodie, Idle were it, repassing from elserground to the elder 
odie, 

surtouts wripped up in itchother's, two twin pritticoaxes lived as 
surto

may mean to say. Annoyin part of it was, had faithful Fulvia, 
 Fulvi

her ways to gon on uphills upon search of louvers, brunette men of 
unette

crocus bed at the bare suggestions of some prolling bywaymen 
e sugg

from Moabit who could have abused of her, the foxrogues, there 
e abus

by mmummy goods waif, as I, chiefly endmost hartyly aver, for 
aver, 

Fulvia Fluvia, iddle woman to the plusneeborn, ever did ensue 
Fulvi

love on her; and spoiled her undines. And she wept: O my 
her un

lors! 
lors

overland the pace, from lacksleap up to liffsloup, tiding down, as 
loup, 

and Gardener's Mall, long rivierside drive, embankment large, 
 Garde

Highjakes, did I upreized my magicianer's puntpole, the tridont 
pole, 
idont 

uns, canailles canzoned and me to she her shyblumes lifted: and 
uns, 
anaill

grippe fiuming snugglers, her chambrett I bestank so to spunish 
gripp
chambr

my annie, my lauralad, my pisoved: who cut her ribbons when 
nnie, 

celly vinagerette, with all loving kindness as far as in man's 
erette

might it lay and enfranchised her to liberties of fringes: and I 
nges: 

stockinger's raiment), cocquette coiffs (see Agnes' hats) and 
 coiff

waterroses and geegaws of my pretty novelties and wispywaspy 
and wi

Slyne's and Sparrow's, loomends day lumineused luxories on 
ineuse

looks, La Primamhcy Pyrrha Pyrrhine^ Or de Reinebeau^ Sourire 
 Reine
nebeau

d'Hiver and a crinoline, wide a shire, and pattens for her trilibies 
d'Hive

greese cressets at Leonard's and Dunphy's and Madonna Ian- 
t Leon

thorns before quintacasas and tallonkindles spearhead syngeing 
ndles 

from anodes to cathodes and from the topazolites of Mourne, 
olites

Wykinloeflare, by Arklow's sapphire siomen's lure and Wexter- 
s lure

and all ennempties I bottled em up in bellomport: when I stab- 
omport

pageantries, loftust Adam, duffed our cousterclother, Conn and 
ageant

Owel with cortoppled baskib. Sire Noeh Guinnass, exposant of 
posant

of Saint Pancreas, and shortcake nutrients for Paas and Pingster's 
 Pancr

our saloons esquirial, with fineglas bowbays, draped embrasures 
s esqu
embras

and giltedged librariums, I did devise my telltale sports at even- 
iums, 

over for cohabitation and allpointed by Hind: Tamlane the Cus- 
lpoint

it vampared for elenders, we lubded Sur Gudd for the sleep and 
s, we 

the ghoasts: she chauffed her fuesies at my Wigan's jewels while 
chauff

ordination for organisation of their installation and augmenta- 
nstall

tion plus some annexation and amplification without precipita- 
n plus

their utter privation, competence, cheerfulness, usefulness and 
rivati

my shiny brows, under astrolobe from my upservatory, an erd- 
strolo

stilled be: did not I festfix with mortarboard my unniversiries, 
ith mo

all?: was I not rosetted on two Stellas of little egypt? had not I 
osette

rockcut readers, hieros, gregos and democriticos?: triscastellated, 
emocri

arked for covennanters and shinners' rifuge: descent from above 
ennant

our aeone tone aeones thy studvaast vault; Hams, circuitise! 
ault; 

perd, Smyth, Neville, Heaton, Stoney, Foley, Farrell, Vnost with 
perd, 
aton, 

tect my tileries (O tribes! O gentes!), keep my keep, the peace 
ilerie

thirdly, for ewigs, I did reform and restore for my smuggy 
form a

ful: doom adimdim adoom adimadim: and the oragel of the lauds 
 orage

pewmillieu, christous pewmillieu: zackbutts babazounded, ollguns 
lieu: 

ing, where it froze in chalix eller swum in the vestry, with fairskin 
x elle

I did learn my little ana countrymouse in alphabeater cameltem- 
learn 
countr

of lecheworked lawn, my carpet gardens of Guerdon City, with 
hework
 City,

chopes pyramidous and mousselimes and beaconphires and colos- 
es pyr

donell of Maynooth, Fra Teobaldo, Nielsen, rare admirable, Jean 
aldo, 

and for folliedays till the comple anniums of calendarias, gregoro- 
rias, 

maios and gypsyjuliennes as such are pleased of theirs to walk: 
lienne

plurabelle, wigwarming wench, (speakeasy!) my granvilled brand- 
abelle
anvill

more, running boullowards and syddenly parading, (hearsemen, 
nning 
rsemen

rickyshaws with Hispain's King's trompateers, madridden mus- 
 tromp

tall tall tilburys and nod nod noddies, others gigging gaily, some 
 tilbu

sedated in sedans: my priccoping gents, aroger, aroger, my dam- 
sedans

sells softsidesaddled, covertly, coverdy, and Lawdy Dawe a perch 
erdy, 

(lift ye the left and rink ye the right!) for her pleashadure: and 
dure: 

their ballyhooric blowreaper, titranicht by tetranoxst, at their 
reaper

badbrat Jerry Godolphing (who was hurrying to be cardinal 
odolph

of methylated spirits, ick, and lemoncholy lees, ick, and pulverised 
rits, 

rhubarbarorum, icky; 
orum, 

beautiful presentation nun, so barely twenty, in her pure coif, 
beau

a peach, the beautiful Samaritan, still as beautiful and still 
e beau
s beau

in her teens, nurse Saintette Isabelle, with stiffstarched cuffs but 
ntette
abelle

the wonderful widow of eighteen springs, Madame Isa Veuve La 
Madame

Belle, so sad but lucksome in her boyblue's long black with 
elle, 

in vain, the darling of my heart, sleeping in her april cot, within 
vain, 

whuskle to stretch ecrooksman, sequestering for lovers' lost pro- 
, sequ

of simmering my veal astore, was basquing to her pillasleep how 
 basqu
 to he

cramp for Hemself and Co, Esquara, or them four hoarsemen on 
uara, 
rsemen

whites of his pious eyebulbs swering her to silence and coort; 
silenc

whom he was said to have enjoyed by anticipation when school- 
enjoye

having displayed, he says, such grand toleration, reprobate so 
layed,

volving upon the same no uncertain amount of esophagous re- 
n amou

up to be done, be what will of excess his exaltation, still we think 
altati

with Sully there can be no right extinuation for contravention 
inuati

of common and statute legislation for which the fit remedy 
egisla

Victa Nyanza, his mace of might mortified, her beautifell hung 
r beau

mantel, with wilting elopement fan, soot and tinsel, condemned. 
ntel, 
pement

North, wall with window practicable. Argentine in casement. 
ticabl
Argent

bedding. Spare. Flagpatch quilt. Yverdown design. Limes. 
. Spar

of water, julepot, ticker, side props, eventuals, man's gummy 
epot, 

homoplatts, ghazometron pondus, exhibits rage. Business. Ruddy 
omopla

fear. Welshrabbit teint, Nubian shine, nasal fossette, turfy tuft, 
eint, 

after to queen's lead. Promiscuous Omebound to Fiammelle la 
mmelle

The old humburgh looks a thing incomplete so. It is so. On its 
o. On 

stumbling are they stalemating backgammoner supstairs by skips 
lemati

ingang tilt tinkt a tunning bell that Limen Mr, that Boggey 
nning 

Chump, do your ephort. Shop! Please shop! Shop ado please! 
lease 

O ado please shop ! How hominous his house, haunt it.'^ Yesses 
lease 

poopahead, gafl'neysaffron nightdress, iszoppy chepelure) is a 
pelure

come of a rarely old family by their costumance and one must 
stuman

the wood are they for? Why, for little Porter babes, to be saved! 
abes, 

you will hear it passim in all the noveletta and she is named 
you wi

Buttercup. Her bare name will tellt it, a monitress. How very 
Butte

sweet of her and what an excessively lovecharming missyname 
xcessi

trope; there miriamsweet and amaranth and marygold to crown. 
rope; 

A more intriguant bambolina could one not colour up out 
iguant

Mother of moth ! I will to show herword in flesh. Approach not for 
roach 

bushi? Of courts and with enticers. Up, girls, and at him! Alone? 
and wi

Alone what? I mean, our strifestirrer, does she do fleurty winkies 
rrer, 

with herself. Pussy is never alone, as records her chambrette, for 
chambr

talks, does she? Marry, how? Rosepetalletted sounds. Ah Biddies 
llette

tinette she will gift but I much prefer her missnomer in maidenly 
prefer

come of twinning age so soon as they may be born to be elder- 
nning 

ing like those olders while they are living under chairs. They are 
ing un

Frank Kevin is on heartsleeveside. Do not you waken him! Our 
. Do n

take his dane's pledges and quit our ingletears, spite of undesirable 
nglete

DoUarmighty! He is too audorable really, eunique! I guess to 
dorabl
euniqu

bannars. Are you not somewhat bulgar with your bowels.^ 
 bulga

betied. Donatus his mark, address as follows. So you did.'* From 
natus 

puck and prig, the maryboy at Donnybrook Fair, the godolphing- 
odolph

gives now the hour of passings sembles quick with quelled. Adieu, 
les qu
quelle
. Adie

Jeminy, what is the view which now takes up a second posi- 
 takes

tion of discordance, tell it please? Mark! You notice it in that 
otice 

arrive to here. The straight road down the centre (see relief map) 
 to he

world. On the right prominence confronts you the handsome 
d. On 

dredaires of our super thin thousand. By gum, but you have 
edaire

that firile, was aplantad in her liveside. How tannoboom held 
rile, 

called HoU Hollow. It is often quite guttergloomering in our 
ten qu

keve silence, both! Putshameyu! I have heard her voice some- 
silenc

and layers by lifetimes laid down riches from poormen. Cried 
 riche

gay, to strew sleety cinders on their falling hair and for wouldbe 
gay, 

joybells to ring sadly ringless hands. The dame dowager to stay 
ringle

are without to see. The dame dowager's duffgerent to present 
 to pr

Gauze off heaven! Vision. Then, O, pluxty suddly, the sight 
Vision

fore? Fear you the donkers? Of roovers? I fear lest we have lost 
vers? 

lying abroad from fury of the gales, (meekname mocktitles her 
itles 

faxes. In blue and buff of Beaufort the hunt shall make. It is 
nt sha

popping out of guillotened widows! Quick time! Beware of 
 guill

Zosimus, the crowder, in his surcoat, sues us with souftwister. 
imus, 

behowl ne yerking at lawncastrum ne ghimbelling on guelflinks. 
imbell

Mauser Misma shall cease to stretch her and come abroad for what 
cease 

of a sloe cooch. Mbv! The annamation of evabusies, the livlia- 
sies, 

Its ist not the tear on this movent sped. Tix sixponce! Poum! 
Its 

the bell ! Still sayeme of ceremonies, much much more ! So please- 
emonie

with fixed baronets and meng our pueblos, restrained by chain of 
blos, 

and laddes and bumbellye, shall receive Dom King at broadstone 
all re

Me amble dooty to your grace's majers! Arise, sir Pompkey 
! Aris
r Pomp

illuminatured one, Papyroy of Pepinregn,my Sire, great, big King, 
inatur

(his scaffold is there set up, as to edify, by Rex Ingram, pageant- 
ageant

that may it! Carilloners will ring their gluckspeels. Rng rng! 
rillon

hark to anune S. Gardener, S. George-le-Greek, S. Barclay 
 Garde
-le-Gr

And audialterand: S. Jude-at-Gate, Bruno Friars, S. Weslen- 
rand: 

Agithetta and Tranquilla shall demure umclaused but Marl- 
nquill

taberra and Neweryork may supprecate when, by vepers, for 
ork ma

her pigeon, unlace allay rabbit and pheasant! Sing: Old Finncoole, 
on, un

he's a mellow old saoul when he swills with his fuddlers free! 
 saoul

produce of themselves, as they're two genitalmen of Veruno, 
runo, 

slide to nature's solemn silence. Deep Dalchi Dolando! Might 
silenc
ando! 

and forain dances and crosshurdles and dollmanovers and viceuv- 
in dan

ious pyrolyphics, a snow of dawnflakes, at darkfall for Grace's 
now of

Mamnesty and our fancy ladies, all assombred. Some wholetime in 
ssombr
 Some 

you where yestoday Ys Morganas war and that it is always to- 

morrow in toth's tother's place. Amen. 
tother

downlook on that ford where Sylvanus Sanctus washed but 
downl

hurdley those tips of his anointeds. Do not show ever retrorsehim, 
. Do n

nute! These brilling waveleaplights ! Please say me how sing you 
lease 

the near of our park which makes the daft to hear all blend. This 
 to he

Where cold in dearth. Yet see, my blanching kissabelle, in the 
abelle

under close she is allso gay, her kirtles green, her curtsies white, 
 gay, 
rtles 

her peony pears, her nistlingsloes ! I, pipette, I must also quick- 
pears,

I hear from you, with limmenings lemantitions, after that swollen 
ntitio

For our netherworld's bosomfoes are working tooth and nail 
e work

ters, underfed: nagging firenibblers knockling aterman up out of 
rs, un

hope? Whope? Ellme, elmme, elskmestoon! Soon! 
e? Ell

invoking droit d'oreiller^ simple infidelities with Felicia, a virgin, 
'oreil

mias, two or three philadelphians. Honophrius, Felicia, Eugenius 
mias, 

tissa, that Honuphrius has blasphemously confessed under volun- 
issa, 

person who has been corrupted by Jeremias. Gillia, (a cooler 
 by Je

blend, D'Alton insists) ex equo with Poppea, Arancita, Clara, 
lara, 

mercenaries, the Sullivani), who desires to procure Felicia for 
 to pr

Gregorius, Leo, Vitellius and Macdugalius, four excavators, if 
gorius
Vitell

savagery of Sulla and the mercernariness of the twelve Sullivani, 
narine

possess his conjunct in thirtynine several manners {turpiter! 
 thirt

to be leading to nullity. Fortissa, however, is encouraged by 
issa, 

Gregorius, Leo, Viteilius, and Magdugalius, reunitedly, to warn 
gorius

and the depravities {turpissimasl) of Canicula, the deceased wife 
cula, 

Chattertone, deceased. 

This, lay readers and gentilemen, is perhaps the commonest 
tileme

fund, suing by its trustee, a resigned civil servant, for the pay- 
stee, 

effective. The fund trustee, one Jucundus Fecundus Xero Pecun- 
stee, 

having been tendered to creditor under cover of a crossed cheque, 
eque, 

signed in the ordinary course, in the name of Wieldhelm, Hurls 
sign

thing to a client of his, a notary, from whom, on consideration, he 
derati

with thanks. Since then the cheque, a good washable pink, em- 
with
eque, 

bossed D you D No 1 1 hundred and thirty 2, good for the figure 
 thirt

and face, had been circulating in the country for over thirtynine 
countr
 thirt

nishee attachment to the neutral firm. No mandamus could lo- 
ndamus

appearance and turned up, upon a notice of motion and after service 
otice 

of the motion by interlocutory injunction, among the male jurors 
terloc
y inju

with still a good title to her sexname of Ann Doyle, 2 Coppinger's 
 to he

Cottages, the Doyle's country. Doyle (Ann), add woman in, 
countr

literal, unbottled in corrubberation a current account of how 
al, un
berati

dorse, adhesively, to her various payers-drawers who in most cases 
 to he

faction and as a whole act of settlement to reamalgamate herself, 
lement

trustee, Monsignore Pepigi, under the new style of Will Break- 
stee, 

fast and Sparrem, as, when all his cognisances had been estreated, 
reated

he seemed to proffer the steadiest interest towards her, but this 
 to pr

capacity (the Calif of Man v the Eaudelusk Company) when, how 
apacit

men, guard my bairn, mon beau, 
n beau

causeways woesoever, hopping offpoint and true terminus of 
caus

only wise in a muck's world to look on itself from beforehand; 
world 

mirrorminded curiositease and would-to-the-large which bring 
curios

of their stepchildren, guide them through the labyrinth of their 
 labyr

dacianmad, basilisk glorious with his weeniequeenie, tigernack 
 glori
enie, 

and swansgrace, he as hale as his ardouries, she as verve as her 
 verve

sin with peccadilly, free to lease hold with first mortgage, dow- 
lease 

with screendoll Vedette, peg of his claim and pride of her heart, 
edette

clifFscaur grisly but rockdove cooing, hodinstag on fryggabet, 
abet, 

periodicity; from Neaves to Willses, from Bushmills to Enos; to 
eriodi

vague and vain, after many mandelays: in their first case, to the 
vain, 

Stop! Did a stir? No, is fast. On to bed! So he is. It's only the 
t. On 

allabalmy, and her troutbeck quiverlipe, ninyananya. And her 
almy, 

Corner, Norwood's South walk or Euston Waste? The solvent 
aste? 

under talis and threading tormentors, shunning the startraps and 
nning 

Arbor to La Puiree, eskipping the clockback, crystal in carbon, 
iree, 

and lounge and promenade free. In spite of all that science could 
menade

bers for the kunning his plethoron. Let leash the dooves to the 
nning 

english and learn to pray plain. Lean on your lunch. No cods 
learn 
 to pr

earwigger's wivable teach you the dance! 
he dan

gave and reared and raised and brought Thawland within Har 
and wi

zollgebordened and escaped from liquidation by the heirs of their 
m liqu

death and were responsible for congested districts and rolled 
 rolle

leaving off and kept on keeping on and roused up drink and 
and ke

bullseaboob and rivishy divil, light in hand, helm on high, to 
ivil, 

flispering in the nightleaves flattery, dinsiduously, to Finnegan, 
 flatt

butted O'Hara that woke the busker that grattaned his crowd 
butte

of a tark: as they wendelled their zingaway wivewards from his 
ndelle

none lordmade undersiding, how betwixt wifely rule and mens 
ade un

hardhearingness from their eldfar, in grippes and rumblions, 
 gripp

and butstillone just the maim and encore emmerhim may always, 
tillon

mildew over jaundice as long as ever there's wagtail surtaxed to 
r jaun

or ours to escape life's high carnage of semperidentity by sub- 
arnage
semper

sisting peasemeal upon variables. Bloody certainly have we got 
riable

without end to end. So there was a raughty . . . who in Dyfflins- 

keep your seats !) that drew all ladies please to our great mettroll- 
lease 

naval I see. Poor little tartanelle, her dinties are chattering, the 
tanell
elle, 
chatte

the pace, two thinks at a time, her country I'm proud of. The 
countr

And the twillingsons, ganymede, garrymore, turn in trot and 
mede, 

trot. But old pairamere goes it a gallop, a gallop. Bossford and 
. Boss

As the belle to the beau. We herewith pleased returned auditors' 
 belle
e beau

fully in rendering gratias, well, between loves repassed, begging 
tias, 

the widest circulation round the whole universe. Echolo choree 
 wides

And a cordiallest brief nod of chinchin dankyshin to, well, patient 
in dan

his auricular of Malthus, the promethean paratonnerwetter which 
uricul

shown) to, well, conduct itself (mercy, good shot! only please 
lease 

as you are. Let each one learn to bore himself. It is strictly re- 
learn 

quested that no cobsmoking, spitting, pubchat, wrastle rounds, 
chat, 

Maud ninnies nay but blabs to Omama (for your life, would you!) 
 you!)

she to her bosom friend who does all chores (and what do you 
 to he

Mag Dillon). Attention at all! Every ditcher's dastard in Dupling 
 Atten

deuce or roamer's numbers ell a fee and do little ones) with the 
rs ell

tanquam, crumlin quiet down from his hoonger, he would mac 
tanqu
lin qu

siccar of inket goodsforetombed ereshiningem of light turkling 
retomb

and toast ham in livery, and buttermore with murmurladen, to 
 butte

Hiss! Which we had only our hazelight to see with, cert, in 
cert, 

to a peanut, was he stepmarm, old noseheavy, or a wouldower, 
r a wo

froth and whishing, with all respectfulness to the old country, 
all re
countr

the ways from Melmoth in Natal, she calls him, dip the colours, 
atal, 

pet, when he commit his certain questions vivaviz the secret 
pet, 

how was it, Jimmy? — Who has sinnerettes to declare? Phiss ! 
how 
erette

waitresses, the daintylines, Elsies from Chelsies, the two leggle- 
sies, 

she says, our pet, she'll do a retroussy from her point of view 
 pet, 

Following idly up to seepoint, neath kingmount shadow the 
nt sha

amount of cloud? Or did pitter rain fall in a sprinkling? If the 
amou

hear. Esch so eschess, douls a doulse! Since Allan Rogue 

Tiss ! Two pretty mistletots, ribboned to a tree, up rose libe- 
tots, 

ing under hoods, made lasses like lads love maypoleriding and 
ing un

and many made money the way in the world where rushroads 
world 

to riches crossed slums of lice and, the cause of it all, he forged 
 riche

and his daughters bridling up at his side. Finner! 
nner! 

a guinea by a groat, his index on the balance and such wealth 
index 

Humbly to fall and cheaply to rise, exposition of failures. 
xposit

policist. On never again, by Phoenis, swore on him Lloyd's, 
t. On 

at last, in his true falseheaven colours from ultraviolent to subred 
aviole

tion. How johnny! Finest view from horizon. Tableau final. 
ableau

othertimes to litanate the bonnamours. Sonne feine, somme 
eine, 

husky! And let Billey Feghin be baallad out of his humuluation. 
 Bille

announcing to pewtewr publikumst of pratician pratyusers, gen- 
 prati

up in a coddlepot, Pu Nuseht, lord of risings in the yonderworld 
epot, 
world 

in. Respassers should be pursaccoutred. Qui stabat Meins quan- 
ins qu

tum qui stabat Peins. As of yours. We annew. Our shades of 
tum qu

galuvu Bight whence the horned cairns erge, stanserstanded, 
erge, 

Alliman, saelior, a turnkeyed trot to Seapoint, pierrotettes, means 
apoint

head or starting kursses, tailour, you're silenced at Henge Ceol- 
silenc

leges, Exmooth, Ostbys for ost, boys, each and one? Death banes 
eges, 
 ost, 

bett an wassing seoosoon liv. With the forty wonks winking 
 liv. 

please me your much as to. With her tup. It's a long long ray to 
lease 

Newirgland's premier. For korps, for streamfish, for confects, 
remier

armaurs, for waglugs, for rogues comings, for sly goings, 
aurs, 

withdrawn his theory. You are alpsulumply wroght! Amsu- 
with

preposition as in triple conjunction, how the mudden research in 
triple

the topaia that was Mankaylands has gone to prove from the 
 to pr

at hand; for which thetheatron is a lemoronage; at milch- 
nage; 

goat fairmesse; in full dogdhis; sod on a fall; pat; the hundering 
esse; 

he returns; renascenent; fincarnate; still foretold around the hearth- 
nent; 

side; at matin a fact; hailed chimers' ersekind; foe purmanant, 
manant

hesternis; fostfath of solas; fram choicest of wiles with warmen 
rnis; 

and sogns til Banba, burial aranging; under articles thirtynine of 
ng; un
 thirt

the reconstitution; by the lord*s order of the canon consecrand- 

worrier; from Tumbarumba mountain; in persence of whole 
tain; 

big brucer, fert in fort; Gunnar, of The Gunnings, Gund; one 
fort; 

crowd encounter; benedicted be the barrel; kilderkins, lids off; a 
nter; 

roache, an oxmaster, a sort of heaps, a pamphilius, a vintivat 
a sort

otherwise becauses; no puler as of old but as of young a palatin; 
uses; 
atin; 

dahlias; place inspectorum sarchent; also the huUow chyst ex- 
rchent

cavement; astronomically fabulafigured; as Jambudvispa Vipra 
lafigu

word; sorensplit and paddypatched; and pfor to pfinish our pfun 

sturdy, serene, synthetical, swift. 
urdy, 

and all-a-dreams perhapsing under lucksloop at last are through. 
ing un

Why? It is a sot of a swigswag, systomy dystomy, which evera- 
, syst

of a wondr in a wildr is a weltr as a wirbl of a warbl is a world. 
 a wor

lay but mackrel are. Anemone activescent, the torporature is re- 
vescen

.with the all fresco. The vervain is to herald as the grass admini- 
 to he

wards the Nil. Victorias neanzas. Alberths neantas. It was a long, 
 neant

very long, a dark, very dark, an allburt unend, scarce endurable, 
durabl

midy, destady. Doom is the faste. Well down, good other! Now 
midy, 

your Tamal without tares but simplysoley they are they. This- 

lied on. And your last words todate in camparative accousto- 
ccoust

wards joyance, adyatants, where he gets up. Allay for allay, a 
llay, 

he shall have had. Hear! Upon the thuds trokes truck, chim, 
chim, 

the age of the madamanvantora of Grossguy and Littleylady, 
 madam

childers napirs and their chattels and their servance and their 
chatte

cognance and their ilks and their orts and their everythings that 
gnance

we are! Signifying, if tungs may tolkan, that, primeval condi- 
! Sign

intermittences of sullemn fulminance, sollemn nuptialism, sallemn 
ttence
fulmin
 salle

sepulture and providential divining, making possible and even 
pultur

at the place and period under consideration a socially organic 
derati

the sea and the old woman in the sky if they don't say nothings 

to remind us how, in this drury world of ours. Father Times and 
world 

the Alieni, an accorsaired race, infester of Libnud Ocean, Moyla- 
rsaire

the wester, that ex-Colonel House's preterpost heiress is to re- 

the blunterbusted pikehead which his had hewn in hers, pro- 
rbuste

that, of Barindens, the white alfred, it owed to have at leased 
dens, 

lands beatend, the calmleaved hutcaged by that look whose glaum 
tend, 

and orbal, through seep froms umber under wasseres of Erie. 
rbal, 
ber un

novanas andor vantads by octettes ayand decadendecads by a 
s ayan

clangalied. Oh! 
. Oh! 

S. Wilhelmina's, S. Gardenia's, S. Phibia's, S. Veslandrua's, 
 Garde

S. Clarinda's, S. Immecula's, S. Dolores Delphin's, S. Perlan- 
 Delph

Euh! Thaet is seu whaet shaell one naeme it! 
Euh! 

your bed, cavern of a trunk, and shrine! Kathlins is kitchin. 

Soros cast, ma brone! You must exterra acquarate to interirigate 
a acqu

all the arkypelicans. The austrologer Wallaby by Tolan, who 
strolo

issue. From a collispendent. Any were. Deemsday. Bosse of Upper 
. Boss

gious Sullivence. Rinvention of vestiges by which they drugged 
ivence

of maidens happynghome from the dance, his knyckle allaready 
he dan

in his knackskey fob, a passable compatriate proparly of the 
assabl

their geese and peeas and oats upon a trencher and the toyms 

bread. O, what an ovenly odour! Butter butter! Bring us this 
 Butte
 butte

to form our G.M.P.'s pass muster generally shay for shee and 
ly sha

Hans ahike? Heard you the crime, senny boy.'^ The man was 
rime, 

precipitate after night's combustion. Aspect, Shamus Rogua or! 

Of Kevin, of increate God the servant, of the Lord Creator a 
evin, 

Yad. Procreated on the ultimate ysland of Yreland in the en- 
reated

cyclical yrish archipelago, come their feast of precreated holy 
reated

poor Kevin, having been graunted the praviloge of a priest's 
evin, 

postcreated portable altare cum halneo^ when espousing the one 
reated

river on this one of cithers lone navigable lake piously Kevin, 
evin, 

whereon by prime, powerful in knowledge, Kevin came to where 
rime, 

fathom, which excavated, venerable Kevin, anchorite, taking 
evin, 

at sextnoon collected gregorian water sevenfold and with am- 
and wi

that privileged altar unacumque bath, which severally seven times 
tar un
umque 

Kevin, then effused thereby letting there be water where was there- 
evin, 

tofore dry land, by him so concreated, who now, confirmed a strong 
reated

and perfect christian, blessed Kevin, exorcised his holy sister 
evin, 

fill to midheight his tubbathaltar, which hanbathtub, most blessed 
ich ha

Kevin, ninthly enthroned, in the concentric centre of the trans- 
evin, 

lated water, whereamid, when violet vesper vailed. Saint Kevin, 
evin, 

dom, that handbathtub, where verafter, recreated doctor insularis 
reated

extempore proposing and intellect formally considering, recluse, 
luse, 

city, you will sortofficially scribble a mental Peny-Knox-Gore. 
you wi

Whether they were franklings by name also has not been fully 
rankli

soons Panniquanne starts showing of her peequuliar talonts. 
anniqu

first and last rittlerattle of the anniverse; when is a nam nought a 
erse; 

burden. Mees is thees knees. Thi is Mi. We have caught one- 
nees. 

mester "Dyk" ffogg of Isoles, now Eisold, looking most plussed 
t plus

it under the breath, as in pure (what bunkum!) essenesse, there 
it un

Ay, ay. Aye, aye, baas. 
 aye, 

blackshape, Nattenden Sone; whenat, hindled firth and bundled 
enat, 

no placelike no timelike absolent, mixing up pettyvaughan popu- 
n popu

lenes with dufFyeyed dolores; like so many unprobables in their 
 dolor
obable

poor suit of the improssable. With Mata and after please with 
ssable
lease 

Matamaru and after please stop with Matamaruluka and after stop 
lease 

do please with Matamarulukajoni. 
lease 

ministel Trampleasure be. Sheflower Rosina, younger Sheflower 
sina, 

And house with heaven roof occupanters they are continuatingly 
inuati

Uppygard, Mundelonde, Abbeytotte, Bracqueytuitte with Hoc- 
otte, 

happening her houram. The while we, we are waiting, we are 
e, we 

Juva: Dies is Dorminus master and commandant illy tono- 
andant

Muta: Ad Piabelle et Purabelle.^ 
abelle
abelle

Juva: At Winne, Woermann og Sengs. 
inne, 

the spirit of appeasement.'^ 

time all him monkafellas with Same Patholic, quoniam, speeching, 
ic, qu

yeh not speeching noh man liberty is, he drink up words, scilicet, 
cilice

through photoprismic velamina of hueful panepiphanal world 
world 

huepanwor) unable to absorbere, whereas for numpa one pura- 
bere, 

inside true_ iawardness of reality, the Ding hvad in idself id est, 
 est, 

coloribus resplendent with sextuple gloria of light actually re- 
 glori

tained, untisintus, inside them (obs of epiwo). Rumnant Patholic, 
ntus, 

stareotypopticus, no catch all that preachybook, utpiam, to- 
icus, 

verbigratiagrading from murmurulentous till stridulocelerious in 
lentou

High Ober King Leary very dead, what he wish to say, spit of 
wish t

sir, nos displace tauttung, sowlofabishospastored, enamel Indian 
tored,

peror all same like one fellow olive lentil, onthelongsidethat, by 
ntil, 

undesendas, kirikirikiring, violaceous warwon contusiones of 
ndas, 

Punc. Bigseer, refrects the petty padre, whackling it out^, a 
 padre

viriditude of the sager and the probable eruberuption of the 
obable

for shouting down the shatton on the lamp of Jeeshees. Sweating 
hees. 

trampatramp. Adie. Per ye comdoom doominoom noonstroom. 
. Adie

'Tis gone infarover. So fore now, dayleash. Pour deday. To 
. Pour

a poke! The folgor of the frightfools is olympically optimo- 
 olymp

seamer. You going to haulm port houlm, toilermaster. You yet 
m port

hers Diander, the tubous, limbersome and nectarial. Owned or 
bous, 

grazeheifer, ethel or bonding. Mopsus or Gracchus, all your 
racchu

Wishwashwhose, Ormepierre Lodge, Doone of the Drumes, 
pierre

perent rolle, cuffs for meek and chokers for sheek and a kink in 
 rolle

assemblements Eblania's conglomerate horde. By dim deity Deva. 
mbleme

separated elements of precedent decomposition for the verypet- 
lement

majesty.'* Well, we have frankly enjoyed more than anything 
enjoye

of the longcar, as merrily we rolled along, we think of him looking 
 rolle

bacon what harmed butter! It's margarseen oil. Thinthin thin- 
 butte

thin. Stringstly is it forbidden by the honorary tenth commend- 
 honor

What those slimes up the cavern door around you, keenin, (the 
enin, 

the constancy of chemical combinations not enough of all the 

could above bring under same notice for it to be able to be seen. 
ing un
otice 

there is a good in even, Levia, my cheek is a compleet bleenk. 
pleet 

We are all at home in old Fintona, thank Danis, for ourselfsake, 
anis, 

so long as we has a pockle full of brass. Impossible to remember 
 Impos

persons in improbable to forget position places. Who would 
obable

the pork martyrs? Force in giddersh! Tomothy and Lorcan, the 
ork ma

him to make up. He'll want all his fury gutmurdherers to redress 
 redre

ing post as from Boston transcripped. Femelles will be preadam- 
Femell

Swees Aubumn vogue is hanging down straith fitting to her 
 to he

quart of scissions masters and clerk and the bevyhum of Marie 

find out what goes on when love walks in besides the solicitous 
 walks

That we were treated not very grand when the police and 
reated

speaking, they can make their beaux to my alee, as Hillary Allen 
r beau

Nollwelshian which has been oxbelled out of crispianity. 
ich ha

grocerest churcher, as per Grippiths' varuations, for his beautiful 
s beau

damp. Certified reformed peoples, we may add to this stage, are 
s, we 

another he what stays under the himp of holth. The herewaker 
ays un

Unless.'^ Away! Rise up, man of the booths, you have slept so 
Unle

way I too. But her, you wait. Eager to choose is left to her shade. 
 to he

If she had only more matcher's wit. Findlings makes runaways, 

my yearns to her over cottage cake. We'll not disturb their sleep- 
 to he

sunck. To bring all the dannymans out after you on the hike. Send 
he dan

Until it's the time. And me and you have made our. The sons of 

the woolpalls ! And then all the chippy young cuppinjars clutter- 

a youth in his florizel, a boy in innocence, peeling a twig, a child be- 
n inno

the weight of old fletch. We'll lave it. So. We will take our walk 

leisure paces. And the helpyourselftoastrool cure's easy. It seems 
 easy.

Poynter and the two Lady Pagets of Tallyhaugh, Ballyhuntus, 
ntus, 

out with your duck and your duty, capapole, while they reach 
pole, 

housed to house you after the Platonic garlens! And all because, 
Platon

safe through. Enough of that horner corner! And old mutther- 
rner! 

the Ming Tung no go bo to me homage me hamage kow bow 

Hungerig. Hoteform, chain and epolettes, botherbumbose. And 
olette

anoof. We can take or leave. He's reading his ruffs. You'll know 
s ruff

crux ever. Hack an axe, hook an oxe, hath an an, heth hith ences. 
n an, 

Rased on traumscrapt from Maston, Boss. After rounding his 
ston, 
, Boss

world of ancient days. Carried in a caddy or screwed and corked. 
world 

On his mugisstosst surface. With a bob, bob, bottledby. Blob. 
mugiss

cohabit respectable. The Gowans, ser, for Medem, me. With 
edem, 

agoad again. I could guessp to her name who tuckt you that one, tuf- 
 to he

of these fine days, lewdy culler, you must redoform again. 
form a

urbjunk to me parafume, oiled of kolooney, with a spot of mara- 
fume, 

you to every simple storyplace we pass. Cadmillersjolly^ Bellevenue^ 

writing Finglas since the Flood, That'll be some kingly work in pro- 
writ
y work

can signal you all flint and fern are rasstling as we go by. And 
n sign

dim in dym. And a capital part for Olympics to ply at. Steadyon, 
r Olym

said. It fair takes. If I lose my breath for a minute or two don't 
 takes

against his goose and light our two candles for our singers duohs 
ndles 

again. Imlamaya. And she is coming. Swimming in my hindmoist. 
oist. 

sprint of a thing theresomere, saultering. Saltarella come to her 
mere, 
 to he

In peace and silence. I could have stayed up there for always only. 
silenc

warm tricks. And lothing their mean cosy turns. And all the 
turns.

glory. You're but a puny. Home ! My people were not their sort 
r sort

niuvia pulchrabelled. How she was handsome, the wild Amazia, 
abelle

